

 Chapter 1207: Outside Yuan Gate
A hundred miles from Yuan Gate.
Hundreds of Yuan Gate disciples were gathered on a mountain top. This was a guard post in front of Yuan Gate, and it was used to monitor every activity around the Yuan Gate vicinity. Of course, such a guard post did not exist in the past. After all, Yuan Gate were the ones on the attack and no one dared to attack them. 
Of course, this was all in the past.
The current situation in the Eastern Xuan Region had undergone a drastic transformation within merely three days. This startling transformation was even detected by various empires which allied themselves with Yuan Gate. Hence, some of the wiser ones quickly withdrew their forces and stationed them within their own empires. In fact, they no longer dared to attack the other empires. After all, they were keenly aware that if Yuan Gate was defeated, even though it was impossible to wipe out all the empires allied with Yuan Gate, it was likely that the most vicious ones would still be destroyed. 
Therefore, amidst this unstable situation, it was best to act a little more prudently and keep a low profile.
On that mountain top, those patrols were continuously scanning their surroundings with their sharp eyes. Occasionally, there would be some people scuttling around and checking on other places.
“What is that?”
Time passed by. Suddenly, someone let out an exclamation. The people around him immediately lifted their heads to take a look, only to realize that the distant sky seemed to have became much brighter suddenly. Meanwhile, there seemed to be countless individuals within that distant light.
“Oh no. Send the signal!”
The patrols’ expressions changed drastically while horror surged into their eyes. Immediately, a sharp screech was emitted from their lips.
Swoosh!
A fiery red light shot out from within their hands before it finally burst in the sky. In fact, it was possible to spot it even from a hundred miles away.
After the signal was released, that light quickly swept over from the horizon. Only then, did they finally see the large number of humans within that light. Meanwhile, those people were all staring at them viciously with intense hatred in their eyes.
Swoosh swoosh!
Without any unnecessary words, countless attacks rained down from the sky. Instantly, the entire mountain peak was flattened by their wild and violent attacks.
The mountain peak was flattened. However, the figures scattered all across the sky did not stop. Instead, they headed straight towards the distant Yuan Gate. Soon after, in a few other locations, brilliant signal flares shot into the sky. Following which, those signal flares were all engulfed by the figures swarming over from behind.
The flames of vengeance came from all directions, surrounding Yuan Gate and allowing nothing to escape.
　　……
The headquarters of Yuan Gate.
Demonic aura lingered over the entire place. Meanwhile, it felt as though there were sharp ghost howls being emitted. At this moment, Yuan Gate was in chaos and countless figures were scuttling around. After which, they lifted their heads to look at that seemingly endless sea of people rushing over from afar.
It was virtually impossible to tell just how many people were coming.
Even though the eyes of these disciples were entwined with demonic aura, a trace of fear still flashed across their faces.
“Charge!”
Countless individuals were now standing in the sky outside Yuan Gate. When they saw those Yuan Gate disciples, their eyes turned blood red immediately. Then, with a roar, tens of thousands of them charged straight towards Yuan Gate with red eyes.
“Humph, you are all courting death!”
An icy cold cry sounded from within Yuan Gate just as that group was about to attack. Soon after, a tens of thousands of feet large black cloth suddenly shot forth and swept across the place. After which, the bodies of everyone who came into contact with it were immediately corroded until only their bones were left. In fact, they did not even have the time to scream before they fell from the sky.
After experiencing such a fearsome obstacle, those red eyed individuals were all stunned as they backed off. After they recovered some of their senses, they quickly retreated. Then, they stared at Yuan Gate with fear in their eyes.
After what happened to those reckless individuals, the light figures behind them finally calmed down and they no longer dared to randomly charge forward. All of them stood in the sky, while they stared venomously at the tightly guarded Yuan Gate.
Suddenly, a commotion erupted amongst the light figures covering the sky. After which, a huge crack was formed before a large group from Dao Sect appeared. Their leader was naturally Lin Dong, Ying Xuanzi and the rest.
The surrounding experts all felt uplifted after this group arrived. Meanwhile, there was an additional trace of anger in their eyes when they looked at Yuan Gate.
Lin Dong was standing in the sky. When he saw the demonic aura covering Yuan Gate, he involuntarily shook his head. He did not expect that what was once the most powerful sect in the Eastern Xuan Region, had now became a demonic region.
“The three old dogs of Yuan Gate. Are you guys going to keep hiding even up till now?”
Lin Dong looked at the deepest part of Yuan Gate in an indifferent manner. Then, his voice, which was wrapped with majestic Yuan Power, rumbled across the sky like thunder.
“Outrageous. All of you actually dare to attack our Yuan Gate. You are all courting death!” An elder of Yuan Gate cried out sternly.
“Do you think that you are qualified to speak here?” Liu Qing glared at that elder. Suddenly, he widened his mouth before a dragon roar swept forward. The intense dragon might within the roar shattered the space and ruthlessly charged towards that Yuan Gate elder.
However, a black light suddenly flashed from the deepest part of the sect just as that dragon roar was about to break into Yuan Gate. Soon after, it shattered that dragon roar.
“Haha, you are quite capable indeed. You even managed to get experts from the Dragon tribe to assist you.”
Three black lights shot out from the deepest part of Yuan Gate after the dragon roar was shattered. After which, they appeared in the sky. The person on the right had fair baby like skin and silver hair. The one on the left wore a black robe and had clear smooth skin. However, his hands were exceptionally pale.
Meanwhile, there was a man wearing white robes standing between them. The colour of his eyes was a mixture of black and white, appearing just like Yin and Yang. Moreover, they looked so deep that one would feel as though one was falling within.
Their demeanor was exactly the same as three years ago. Therefore, who else could they be other than the three great heads of Yuan Gate?
Lin Dong’s eyes paused on the three of them. Meanwhile, there was extremely rich murderous desire surging within his eyes. After all, he had been looking forward to this day ever since he was chased out of the Eastern Xuan Region three year ago…
In order to prepare for this day, he had lingered between life and death many times over the last three years.
Huff.
Lin Dong let out a deep breath. His aura also gradually changed as he exhaled. If he was like a sheathed sword in the past, as of now, this sword was completely unsheathed.
His sharp aura seemingly penetrated the clouds.
Little Marten and Little Flame also slowly clenched their hands. Meanwhile, there was endless ferocity flashing in their eyes.
Standing within Yuan Gate, the Tian Yuanzi trio also detected Lin Dong’s transformation. Immediately, their pupils hardened slightly before the expression on their faces grew a little solemn. Regardless, they had no choice but to admit that the current Lin Dong was no longer that puny Dao Sect disciple from three years ago…
“Back then, I should have spared no expense to kill you.” Tian Yuanzi sighed.
“Don’t tell me that you actually held back at that time?” Lin Dong smiled. Meanwhile, his tone was full of ridicule. Back then, the three great heads of Yuan Gate had attacked together in order to deal with him, a mere disciple of Dao Sect. If Qingzhi had not penetrated through space and rescued him, it might have been impossible for him to escape.
Tian Yuanzi narrowed his eyes, before a cold glint flashed across his eyes. Then, he casually said, “There is no need to be so proud of yourself. You might have escaped back then, but it will be the same after we finish you off now.”
“Perhaps you three old dogs will be the unlucky ones this time around.” Lin Dong softly said.
“Arrogant creature! Do you think that you are the only one who has improved after three years? I shall let you witness the enormous gap between the both of us!”
Ren Yuanzi’s face darkened. Then, his body moved before the empty space fluctuated. Finally, he appeared directly in front of Lin Dong and extended his large hand. Meanwhile, an exceptionally dense Reincarnation ripple spread.
“Reincarnation stage?” Beside him, first elder Zhu Li and the rest were all startled when they detected this ripple. They were just about to intervene when Lin Dong stopped them. Then, he waved his hand before a black shadow shot out from his sleeve. After which, it transformed into a black figure in front of him. That black figure was holding onto a black long blade. Meanwhile, he stared indifferently at Ren Yuanzi, who was heading towards him with a hand containing a Reincarnation ripple. Finally, without any hesitation, that black figure swung his black long blade forward! 
Swoosh!
There were no frightening fluctuations when that black long blade swung forward. However, Ren Yuanzi’s eyes suddenly shrunk. That was because he felt an extremely dangerous sensation within his heart.
Chi!
While he was feeling uneasy, that black long blade flashed before it heavily slashed onto his palm. After which, that incomparably mysterious Reincarnation ripple was actually slashed apart by that black long blade. Finally, that blade pierced his flesh, causing fresh blood to splurt.
Ahh!
Ren Yuanzi cried out miserably. Promptly, he quickly pulled back. The space itself became distorted before he quickly retreated back into Yuan Gate. Finally, his eyes looked at the black figure in front of Lin Dong with some fear lingering in them.
“Be careful. There is something strange about that creature.” Tian Yuanzi stared at the black figure in front of Lin Dong and slowly said.
Ren Yuanzi clenched his teeth. Immediately, green and white flashed across his face. After all, he did not expect Lin Dong to serve him such a humiliating blow right after he attacked.
“This little fellow came prepared.” Di Yuanzi, who had yet to speak, suddenly said in a dark and cold voice.
“Came prepared huh?”
Tian Yuanzi smiled faintly and said, “In that case, we should deliver our surprise too.”
He gently swung his sleeve after his voice sounded. Following which, the space around him quickly became distorted. Then, black fog surged and there seemed to be a blurry figure slowly walking out from within the distorted space.
This commotion was naturally discovered by Lin Dong’s group. Immediately, they frowned gently. This was because it was possible for them to detect an extremely strange ripple from that distorted space.
Sha sha.
A foot slowly stepped out from within that distorted space. After which, the black fog entwined around him gradually faded, revealing a skinny figure. That figure was wearing a black robe and his entire body was shrouded in darkness.
“Since so many people from Dao Sect are here, all of you should meet an old friend.” The expression on Tian Yuanzi’s face became even more insidious as he smilingly said to the members of Dao Sect.
Pale hands were extended from deep within that figure’s sleeves. After which, that figure slowly removed his hood in front of countless pairs of eyes. After he removed his hood, a handsome yet pale face appeared in front of everyone’s eyes.
“Who is it?”
Lin Dong looked at that foreign figure, only to be slightly startled. Though this person was clearly a stranger, Lin Dong detected a familiar scent from his body.
A commotion suddenly erupted from behind. Lin Dong turned his head, only to see that Ying Xuanzi’s face had suddenly turned pale. The latter pointed his finger at that figure while disbelief filled his eyes.
“You… you… Zhou Tong, you are still alive?! How is this possible!”
Zhou Tong?”
Lin Dong’s heart trembled violently. Then, he stared in bewilderment at that figure. It turns out that man was actually the most dazzling Dao Sect disciple one hundred years ago, someone who even comprehended the Great Desolation Scripture… Zhou Tong!
Didn’t he die at the hands of Yuan Gate?!





 Chapter 1208: Zhou Tong
Zhou Tong?!
A commotion that could not be restrained suddenly erupted amongst the disciples of Dao Sect. Their faces were pale as they looked at the figure in the distance. Meanwhile, disbelief filled their eyes.
“How is this possible?!”
Ying Xiaoxiao also exclaimed in shock. She clenched her hand and muttered, “Senior Zhou Tong was clearly killed by Yuan Gate one hundred years ago. How is it possible… that he is still alive?”
Beside her, Ying Xuanzi trembled continuously. Meanwhile, the expression in his eyes were changing rapidly. Clearly, the emotions in his heart were far too intense. It seems like the current scene had a huge impact on him. 
When Lin Dong looked at the disciples from Dao Sect, who had burst into an uproar, he frowned slightly. Promptly, a somewhat solemn expression appeared in his eyes. A hundred years ago, the position that Zhou Tong enjoyed amongst the disciples of Dao Sect was approximately the same as his current position. In fact, when Lin Dong first entered Dao Sect, he even regarded senior Zhou Tong as his target deep within his heart.
Along the way, he broke many records set by Zhou Tong and gradually made a name for himself in Dao Sect. This was because he did not wish for there to be an obstacle in his training journey that he could not surpass.
Every generation would have its own legend. Clearly, a hundred years ago, Zhou Tong was the legend in Dao Sect. This person had also comprehended that extremely profound Great Desolation Scripture and led the disciples of Dao Sect to fight against Yuan Gate during the Great Sect Competition. Finally, he even charged up to Yuan Gate alone. Although he was eventually killed, he left a significant mark on the Eastern Xuan Region and his name was forever imprinted in the hearts of all the Dao Sect disciples.
However, as of now, this former legend of Dao Sect had once again appeared alive in front of them. Moreover, he was now on the opposing side of their Dao Sect… At this moment, it felt as though their faith had crumbled, as the originally spirited Dao Sect disciples were all beginning to feel disheartened. 
“He is indeed martial senior Zhou Tong.” Beside him, Ying Huanhuan slowly said. Her pretty icy blue eyes stared intently at the distant figure, with a complicated emotion in her eyes.
Previously, she was also an ardent fan of martial senior Zhou Tong.
“Zhou… Zhou Tong? You are still alive?’ Ying Xuanzi stared intently at that familiar figure. Meanwhile, his voice was trembling slightly.
“Haha, what a moving scene. Ying Xuanzi, this is the disciple whom you were the proudest of, a legend in the hearts of countless Dao Sect disciples. However, as of now, he is siding with my Yuan Gate. Don’t you think this is comical?” Tian Yuanzi laughed faintly and said.
“Why?” Ying Xuanzi’s body trembled as he cried out sternly.
Zhou Tong’s lips moved upon hearing that explosive cry. However, he did not utter a single word.
“You… you traitor!” Ying Xuanzi’s demeanor seemed to have became a lot older at this moment. Beside him, Ying Xiaoxiao hurriedly supported him. Meanwhile, the Dao Sect disciples behind, who were originally raring to go, were all dumbstruck when they saw this scene.
Lin Dong involuntarily frowned when he saw this unexpected scene. His sharp eyes stared intently at Zhou Tong. A moment later, he slowly said, “Martial senior Zhou Tong, I believe that the current you is no longer the real you, am I right?”
Zhou Tong’s body seemed to have stilled for a moment. After which, his eyes turned towards Lin Dong. Though he did not speak, there seemed to be a ripple deep within his eyes.
“It doesn’t matter why you have became like this. We, the disciples of Dao Sect will never forget the martial senior Zhou Tong who dared to charge up to Yuan Gate all by himself for the sake of Dao Sect. Moreover, I believe that you are definitely not acting out of your own volition.” Lin Dong’s somewhat hoarse voice slowly spread, gradually suppressing the chaos amongst the Dao Sect disciples. Immediately, many disciples began to regain their composure. After all, given martial senior Zhou Tong’s character, how was it possible for him to stand on the side of Yuan Gate. There was definitely something amiss!
Zhou Tong continued to stare at Lin Dong. A long while later, a gentle breeze blew over, causing his long hair to drift. After which, tears began to fall on his handsome face, while his body shook violently. It looked as though he was struggling against something. After which, an extremely hoarse and indistinct voice was emitted from his mouth.
“Tea...cher!”
There was endless despair within his hoarse voice.
Ying Xuanzi’s body stiffened. He looked at the struggling Zhou Tong before he came to a sudden realization. With a fearsome expression, he stared at Tian Yuanzi and roared, “What have you done to him?!”
Tian Yuanzi frowned as he glanced at Zhou Tong. Then, he snorted coldly before he shook his sleeve. After which, Zhou Tong’s struggling body slowly stilled. The emotions that had just rose on his face gradually faded away and he looked just like a zombie, that was being controlled by someone else.
“Your disciple has an exceptionally tough mind. Even after he was eroded for a hundred years, he is still able to retain a trace of consciousness. Haha, actually I didn’t do much. It’s just that I was unwilling to see such a good seedling go to waste. Therefore, I decided to change his allegiance from Dao Sect to my Yuan Gate.” Tian Yuanzi laughed.
Ying Xuanzi was outraged and even his face became distorted. Never did he imagine that this disciple, whom he was the proudest of and whom he viewed as his own son, was actually being tortured by Yuan Gate for the past hundred years!
“I will murder you!”
Ying Xuanzi suddenly roared, before vast and mighty Yuan Power erupted. Then, he directly shot forward before incomparably sharp attacks smashed towards Tian Yuanzi with lightning like speed.
Tian Yuanzi smirked upon seeing this. Then, he said, “Zhou Tong, your teacher can no longer control himself. Why don’t you, his disciple, teach him how to behave himself.”
Swoosh!
Zhou Tong shot forward after that voice sounded. Then, he directly appeared in front of Ying Xuanzi in a phantom like manner. Swiping his hand, the space in front of him became greatly distorted. In fact, it seemed like the formless space had solidified under his palm.
Bang!
Ying Xuanzi’s sharp attacks heavily clashed against that distorted solidified space. Then, he was actually sent flying. Soon after, Zhou Tong took a step forward, before his body strangely appeared in front of Ying Xuanzi. Following which, he pressed his finger forward before the tip of his finger seemingly penetrated through space and directly pressed towards Ying Xuanzi’s forehead. His technique was extremely ruthless.
“Father!”
Ying Xiaoxiao and the rest behind had a drastic change in their expressions when they saw that Ying Xuanzi was in danger after merely two bouts. 
Chi!
That finger, which contained a silver glow, looked just like a sharp sword. However, just as this sharp attack was about to land on Ying Xuanzi’s forehead, a vast and mighty Mental Energy suddenly agglomerated into a curtain of light on his forehead.
Although this Mental Energy light curtain only blocked that attack for an instant, just as that finger was about to break through the curtain, another long finger with a black glow also rushed over from behind. After which, it clashed heavily against Zhou Tong’s attack.
Creak creak!
The two glowing fingers clashed. Shockingly, no overly violent energy assault waves spread. However, the space around those fingers seemed to have collapsed at this moment.
Bam.
Two figures trembled before they both took over a dozen steps back.
“I see… so the Spatial Ancestral Symbol is in your hands.”
Lin Dong glanced at Zhou Tong in surprise after he rescued Ying Xuanzi. When they clashed previously, Zhou Tong had made use of the strength of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. Moreover, this strength was even more powerful compared to what Ren Yuanzi used a couple of days ago. Clearly, the Spatial Ancestral Symbol did not belong to Ren Yuanzi. Instead, it belonged to Zhou Tong.
Zhou Tong did not reply. His eyes merely looked at Ying Xuanzi, who now looked much older. Meanwhile, there seemed to be pain and bitterness, which could not be described with words, hidden deep within his eyes.
“Sect master, the current Zhou Tong is already under their control.” Lin Dong sighed softly and said.
Ying Xuanzi clenched his hands tightly. A long while later, he slowly nodded. With a hoary expression, he said, “I was too reckless.”
When Lin Dong saw Ying Xuanzi’s demeanor, he felt upset as well. Promptly, he quickly lifted his head and cast his cold and stern eyes towards the Tian Yuanzi trio before he said, “Sect master, you can be rest assured that I will make them pay a hefty price.”
“I will leave everything to you.” Ying Xuanzi nodded. He also understood that he was unable to handle the situation with his current strength.
“Haha, unless you finish off Zhou Tong, I’m afraid that he would not allow you guys to attack my Yuan Gate.” Tian Yuanzi laughed in a faint voice. “There are so many experts from the Eastern Xuan Region present today. It looks like we will all get to enjoy a huge internal fight within Dao Sect.”
“Old dog, you can be rest assured that you will suffer a fate worse than death once I capture you.” Lin Dong gave Tian Yuanzi a ferocious smile. His eyes were cold and stern.
“Is that so?”
A murderous intent flashed across Tian Yuanzi’s eyes. Soon after, he waved his sleeve and said, “Zhou Tong, this is Lin Dong, the one who succeeded your reputation in Dao Sect. Amongst  your past accomplishments, none of them managed to surpass his. Today, let him witness your abilities. Of course, it’s best if you can kill him as well.”
However, Zhou Tong did not move when he heard Tian Yuanzi’s words. Instead, a faint silver glow crazily flickered within his eyes.
“Humph, are you still thinking of resisting now? You must be dreaming.”
Tian Yuanzi snorted coldly upon seeing this. He clenched his hand before a grayish aura covered Zhou Tong’s eyes, swiftly eroding the silver light within.
Zhou Tong’s body trembled violently and his head was quickly filled with perspiration. He clenched his teeth before blood seeped out, causing him to look exceptionally fearsome.
“You old dog!”
A furious glint flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes when he saw that Tian Yuanzi had forced Zhou Tong into such a state. His body moved and he was just about to attack when the space in front of him became distorted. Then, Zhou Tong appeared and stopped him.
The gray aura wildly eroded the silver glint in Zhou Tong’s eyes. Lin Dong could feel that the remaining consciousness in the latter was being rapidly erased.
“Lin… martial junior Lin Dong…”
Zhou Tong widened his mouth as the silver glint in his eyes made its final struggle. His hoarse and indistinct voice contained a pleading tone.
“Please promise me… you … you must kill me!”
Lin Dong looked at Zhou Tong, who was once the pride of their entire Dao Sect. When he saw that he was being tortured so terribly, fury erupted within his heart before murderous desire crazily surged within his black eyes. A moment later, he inhaled a deep breath and slowly clenched his hand. His low voice was filled with brutal murderous desire as it resounded across the sky.
“Martial senior Zhou Tong, you can be rest assured that I will make those three old dogs pay for all the pain that they have given you!”
“Thank… thank you.”
A pleased smile appeared on Zhou Tong’s face. After which, the silver glint within his eyes also disappeared completely.





 Chapter 1209: Lin Dong VS Zhou Tong
After the final silver glint within Zhou Tong’s eyes was eroded by the gray light, his expression slowly stiffened, before it slowly dissipated. Finally, he became completely emotionless. At this moment, he was basically a zombie.
When Lin Dong saw Zhou Tong’s transformation, he involuntarily clenched his fists. Meanwhile, frightening murderous desire accumulated within his eyes.
Standing behind him, Ying Xuanzi also trembled continuously. A moment later, he waved his hand, before he shut his eyes and said, “Lin Dong, please send him off.”
Lin Dong nodded before he focused his attention on the emotionless Zhou Tong, who was standing in front of him. At this moment, it was possible for Lin Dong to detect the latter’s frightening strength. In fact, the latter did not lose out to top experts like first elder Zhu Li and the rest, who had touched Reincarnation. Moreover, Lin Dong was able to detect a familiar ripple from within Zhou Tong’s body. It was the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
Zhou Tong, who possessed the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, was likely able to take on a top-tier Reincarnation stage expert. This was similar to Mo Luo as the latter was also able to perform such a feat. However, Mo Luo had reached the pinnacle in terms of his mastery over the Blazing Ancestral Symbol. Hence, Lin Dong wondered how well Zhou Tong was able to control the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
Nonetheless, although Zhou Tong was extremely powerful, Lin Dong was also no pushover. After all, Lin Dong possessed two great Ancestral Symbols and he had also touched Reincarnation. Furthermore, his Mental Energy cultivation was at the initial Symbol Grandmaster level. As such, even if Mo Luo went all-out, he would still find it difficult to defeat him. Therefore, it was perhaps a little naive of Tian Yuanzi to try to use Zhou Tong to defeat him.
His Sky Devouring Corpse might be extremely formidable, but Lin Dong had to use it to deter the three great heads of Yuan Gate. Moreover, he wanted to fight personally. After all, only through a fight, would he be able to find out what exactly happened to Zhou Tong. Moreover, he wanted to see if there was any remaining hope as he wanted to rescue the latter.
Lin Dong glanced at the interior of Yuan Gate, before a thought passed through his mind. Following which, the Sky Devouring Corpse, which was holding onto a black blade, rushed forward and stood right between him and Yuan Gate. With the Sky Devouring Corpse stationed in this location, unless the Tian Yuanzi trio attacked together, it would be impossible for them to break free. However, if they attacked together, the countless experts from his “Yuan Destruction Alliance” would also instantly erupt. This was likely something that even the Tian Yuanzi trio were wary of. 
The eyes of the Tian Yuanzi trio flashed when they saw Lin Dong’s action. However, they did not do anything. Only Ren Yuanzi stared at the Sky Devouring Corpse with a dark and icy expression. Clearly, he had not forgotten that he was previously wounded by that Sky Devouring Corpse.
“Relax, we are still waiting to see a good show between two martial brothers. Naturally, we will not intervene.” Tian Yuanzi chuckled. However, there was a dark glint flashing deep within his eyes.
Lin Dong glanced at him indifferently before he completely ignored him. After all, words were pointless at this juncture. After he resolved this matter, none of those three old dogs would be able to escape!
“Martial senior Zhou Tong, please pardon me.” Lin Dong cupped his hands together towards Zhou Tong. After which, his aura abruptly soared while the glint in his dark black eyes gradually turned sharp.
At this moment, Zhou Tong had clearly lost his mind. Hence, he did not react to Lin Dong’s words. Instead, a faint silver light spread from within the surface on his body, causing the space around him to become distorted.
“Swoosh!”
The space became distorted. Then, Zhou Tong took a step forward. With a single step, he seemingly teleported as he appeared right behind Lin Dong at an extremely fast pace. Following which, silver light flashed within his palm, appearing just like an extremely sharp spatial light blade, before he ruthlessly pierced towards Lin Dong.
Bang.
Lightning suddenly erupted before a scepter filled with lightning glow shot forth. Then, it clashed heavily against Zhou Tong’s hand. Following which, sparks along with a clear metallic sound spread.
“Buzz!”
Zhou Tong’s body moved after his attack was blocked. He seemingly teleported again as he appeared instantly at Lin Dong’s top right side. Then, he flicked all ten of his fingers. Immediately, the space itself became distorted before numerous silver lights came raining down from all directions. It turns out that they were all sharp spatial light blades that were formed using Spatial Strength. Though they looked dazzling, they were so sharp that they could shred a Samsara stage expert’s body.
With a flash, Lin Dong quickly withdrew. Then, he placed his palms together before a black hole rapidly grew in front of him. After which, it devoured all the spatial light blades that were rushing towards him.
Lin Dong suddenly charged forward the instant the spatial light blades were completely devoured. Then, the Lightning Emperor Scepter in his hand was accompanied by rumbling lightning, as numerous scepter images containing extremely wild and violent winds enveloped every fatal spot on Zhou Tong’s body.
Sizzle sizzle.
Up against Lin Dong’s fearsome counter-attack, Zhou Tong began to wiggle his body. Then, the space around him became distorted before he actually dodged all the scepter images, that were targeting every fatal spot on his body. Furthermore, he managed to dodge each attack precisely, something that even Lin Dong could not accomplish. It seems like the Spatial Ancestral Symbol was indeed profound and mysterious.
The two figures in the sky had fought for over a dozen bouts within a couple of breaths. Though their attacks were both exceptionally fearsome, they were all easily dealt with by the other party. The intensity of this fight caused many onlookers to turn solemn. After all, it would likely be hard pressed for them to find anyone in the entire Eastern Xuan Region who could match up to them.
“I didn’t expect martial senior Zhou Tong to be so powerful.” Ying Xiaoxiao commented with a grave expression as she watched the battle between the two in the sky. 
“This is only the beginning.”
Ying Huanhuan said softly. One of them had both the Devouring Ancestral Symbol and the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, while the other possessed the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. In a genuine fight, there was no way an ordinary Samsara stage expert who has touched Reincarnation, could match up to either one of them.
“Hopefully Lin Dong can finish off Zhou Tong. Otherwise, if he ends up being controlled by Yuan Gate again, the latter will likely be in a state worse than death.” Ying Xiaoxiao sighed. Meanwhile, there was fury within her sad expression.
“I will make them pay the price this time around.” A cold glint was flowing within Ying Huanhuan’s pretty icy blue eyes. Yuan Gate’s act had stirred the murderous desire in her heart.
Roar!
A dragon roar suddenly sounded in the sky. Lin Dong pulled back before thousands of purple-gold dragon light tattoos rose around him. Then, they directly transformed into a tens of thousands of feet large purple-gold dragon claw. Finally, that claw swiped furiously at Zhou Tong.
Swoosh!
Zhou Tong moved before he appeared in another part of the sky. Then, a pair of hands wearing sharp black gloves extended from his sleeve. After which, he clenched both of his hands before the space in front of him rapidly became distorted. In the blink of an eye, the space itself transformed into a ten thousand feet large spatial blade.
“Bang!”
Zhou Tong gripped his large spatial blade tightly. Following which, he slashed it down furiously and directly hacked at the purple-gold dragon claw heading towards him.
Clang!
An unusually deafening sound spread. Soon after, resplendent silver light emanated from that large spatial blade. Immediately, an indescribable sharp aura was emitted that was sharp enough to even cut space itself.
The large spatial blade slashed the purple-gold dragon claw. After which, everyone was stunned when they saw that the huge dragon claw was actually split into two. Moreover, the wound was as smooth as a mirror.
“The Spatial Ancestral Symbol is indeed extraordinary.”
When Liu Qing saw this scene, his expression became extremely grave. He had also mastered the Green Heaven Materialized Dragon Skill and he naturally knew how powerful the dragon formed from the dragon light tattoos were. Furthermore, Lin Dong possessed the Primal Dragon Bone and this would further boost the might of the already formidable Green Heaven Materialized Dragon Skill. However, Lin Dong’s attack was still slashed apart by that large spatial blade. As such, this left Liu Qing in a state of disbelief. 
“Zhou Tong is indeed extraordinary. However, you should not underestimate young brother Lin Dong as well. Even I cannot figure him out now.” First elder Zhu Li was staring at the sky as he slowly said.
Liu Qing nodded. Although he was only one step away from the Reincarnation stage, he was still able to smell a dangerous scent from Lin Dong’s body.
The large spatial blade slashed the purple-gold dragon claw apart. After which, Zhou Tong took another step forward and prepared to attack. However, a light figure suddenly shot out from behind the purple-gold dragon claw. In a flash, he appeared in front of Zhou Tong. Then, a fist wrapped with glimmering purple-gold dragon scales and traces of Reincarnation ripples ruthlessly smashed towards him.
Swoosh!
This attack was far too sudden. Even Zhou Tong’s body froze for a moment. However, just as Lin Dong’s purple-gold punch was about to land on Zhou Tong, his body suddenly became blurry.
The fist penetrated through his afterimage and missed. Nevertheless, Lin Dong’s expression did not change. Instead, the instant Zhou Tong’s body turned blurry, he twirled his hand. After which, a huge black hole was formed before Devouring Power suddenly erupted and directly shattered the empty space behind.
Bang.
After the empty space was ripped by the black hole, a figure hidden within that empty space was now revealed.
Rumble!
Thunder clouds gathered in the sky, before an extremely huge lightning dragon charged downwards ferociously. Lin Dong clenched his hand, before that lightning dragon transformed into a stream of liquidized lightning and wrapped around his arm.
Swoosh!
Everything happened in a split second. After the thunderbolt descended and Lin Dong grabbed hold of it, he immediately appeared in front of Zhou Tong, who had been dragged out by the Devouring Power from his black hole.
Without any hesitation, Lin Dong’s arm, which was wrapped with liquidized lightning and looked just like a thunderbolt that penetrated the sky, tore through the distant space and smashed towards Zhou Tong.
Lightning glow rapidly magnified in front of Zhou Tong’s gray eyes. At this juncture, even though he possessed the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, he was no longer able to dodge this attack.
Puff!
That lightning arm finally landed on Zhou Tong’s body. After which, a muffled sound appeared, before Lin Dong’s entire arm penetrated Zhou Tong’s chest. Lightning erupted and the black robe on the latter was turned into ashes almost immediately.
However, after the black robe on Zhou Tong’s body disappeared, Lin Dong’s pupils suddenly shrunk. Following which, shocked exclamations erupted from behind.
“This is…”





 Chapter 1210: Devil Emperor Lock
“This is…” When Lin Dong’s eyes landed on Zhou Tong’s body, his pupils promptly shrunk. After which, intense shock surged within his eyes. 
Contrary to expectations, Zhou Tong did not possess a body made up of flesh under his black robe. Instead, there wasn’t any blood or flesh at all, and there was only a black skeleton. Moreover, Lin Dong could see many densely packed mysterious black lines on the skeleton and those devil lines were entwined around Zhou Tong’s bones. They were just like maggots in one’s bones and they could not be removed.
Furthermore, Lin Dong was able to see his organs, which were beating within his black skeleton. However, these organs were all completely black in colour. Clearly, they were completely eroded by the demonic aura. 
However, what shocked Lin Dong the most was Zhou Tong’s heart. It was a pitch black heart, which was beating at an extremely slow pace. Moreover, that black heart was filled with endless evil.
No one could have imagined such a frightening scene below a complete human head.
Meanwhile, one could see a complicated set of meridians within that strange body, and there was silver light coursing within those meridians. It was the strength of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
Those meridians were the only things within Zhou Tong’s body, which had yet to be eroded by the demonic aura. It was also the reason why he was still able to use the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
Black devil lines entwined around Zhou Tong’s body and they vaguely formed an extremely evil devil lock. It was precisely this devil lock that reduced Zhou Tong to his current state.
“Is this… Devil Emperor Lock?” Yan’s exclamation suddenly sounded within Lin Dong’s heart.
“Devil Emperor Lock? What is that?” Lin Dong frowned and hurriedly asked.
“During the ancient times, this was a vicious technique created by the Yimo Emperor, the only one who could match up to my owner. As long as this thing was placed on a person’s body, he would gradually lose his mind and even his Yuan Spirit would be sealed within his body with no means of escape. In fact, even a Reincarnation stage expert would not be able to escape. Back then, those Yimo were afraid that certain Reincarnation stage experts would enter Reincarnation. Therefore, they placed the Devil Emperor Lock on those Reincarnation stage experts that they captured and destroyed them once in for all.”
“A technique created by the Yimo Emperor? It’s even able to end the life of a Reincarnation stage expert?” Lin Dong’s pupils shrunk while shock filled his heart. 
“This technique is extremely cruel. First, they would slice off the person’s flesh, before they would erode all his organs with demonic aura for ten years. After which, they would use the devil body as a lock and end all chances of life.” Yan said in a solemn voice. “Although this Devil Emperor Lock is not as complete as the ones seen during the ancient times, it is definitely not something that an ordinary Yimo king can create. It seems like Yuan Gate must be in cahoots with Devil Prison.”
“Those bastards!” Fury surged within Lin Dong’s eyes when he heard this. It’s no wonder Zhou Tong used his final consciousness to beg Lin Dong for death. It was likely because he was unable to endure the torture anymore.
“Yan, is there still a way to rescue martial senior Zhou Tong?”
“Anyone who has had the Devil Emperor Lock placed on him will definitely die. In fact, they can’t even enter Reincarnation. However…” Yan paused for a moment before continuing, “Zhou Tong is a little different since he possess the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. Therefore, his Yuan Spirit should be under its protection, and it should not have been completely eroded by the demonic aura.”
“If you can destroy this devil body, it might be possible to rescue his Yuan Spirit…”
Destroy this devil body?
A glint flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes.
“Swoosh!”
The conversation between Lin Dong and Yan might seem like a long one, but it took place in Lin Dong’s heart and was over in an instant. Following which, many exclamations sounded from behind Lin Dong. A silver light had began to flicker on one black glove covering that emotionless Zhou Tong’s hands. Following which, the space behind Lin Dong became distorted, before an extremely sharp wind pierced towards his throat.
Bang!
Resplendent lightning glow erupted from Lin Dong’s hand. After which, a palm clashed with that silver light while lightning arcs danced and blocked the Spatial Strength.
“Swoosh!”
Lin Dong jerked his body before he appeared behind Zhou Tong. Then, Yuan Power surged before a wild and violent palm wind, which was accompanied by dragon roars, ruthlessly smashed onto Zhou Tong’s body.
Clang clang clang!
However, after receiving Lin Dong’s wild and violent attacks, Zhou Tong’s black bones merely emitted some sparks. It turns out that such attacks were unable to deal much damage to his black skeleton.
Boom boom boom!
Zhou Tong quickly turned around. Then, silver light surged before an incomparably sharp palm wind whistled forward. Finally, he clashed head on with Lin Dong. Following which, many wild and violent palm winds were formed before the space around the both of them were shaken until it cracked.
Bang!
Another ruthless bout had occurred. Violent Yuan Power surged as the both of them quickly retreated. However, it was obvious that Lin Dong had the upper hand in this fight.
Regardless, the strength of two Ancestral Symbols definitely exceeds that of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol in Zhou Tong’s possession.
“Humph.”
At a far distance away, Tian Yuanzi let out a cold snort when he realized that Zhou Tong had fell into a disadvantage. Promptly, a black glint flashed across his eyes before Zhou Tong’s body trembled. Soon after, Zhou Tong suddenly pressed his hand downwards before a mysterious ripple swiftly spread across the land. After which, everyone realized that the land beneath him was turning barren at a rapid pace.
“Great Desolation Scripture?!”
Ying Huanhuan and the rest exclaimed in shock when they saw this familiar scene. Then, the expression in their eyes became complicated. After all, they didn’t expect that even though Zhou Tong was being controlled, he was still able to unleash the strongest martial arts of their Dao Sect’s Desolate Hall.
“With this being the case, martial senior Zhou Tong, let us compete and see whose Great Desolation Scripture is stronger!”
Lin Dong’s eyes were glimmering. Then, he suddenly formed a seal with both of his hands. After which, he pressed his hand towards the ground before a low cry was emitted from his mouth, “Great Desolation Scripture!”
The rate at which the land was turning barren rapidly surged. Everyone could see that the desolate aura was spreading rapidly across the land. Within a couple of breaths, the land within thousands of kilometres was reduced into a wasteland. This overbearing martial arts caused many onlookers to feel a little fearful.
Standing in the sky, the two of them continued to maintain the same stance, with their hands directed towards the ground. Though everything looked calm on the surface, everyone could feel an extremely violent ripple flowing through the air.
This violent ripple was the most prominent beneath the ground. Everyone could sense the land shaking after all the energy in the ground within thousands of kilometres, had gathered to this spot. After which, the energy was being bitterly contested by the two of them.
Lush green grass grew at the area between the two of them. Those grass were filled with strong vitality, and they looked extremely glaring amidst the desolate land.
Ying Xuanzi, Ying Xiaoxiao, Ying Huanhuan and the other members of Dao Sect watched this scene anxiously. Right now, their emotions were extremely complicated. This was because they were aware that this was a match between the two most outstanding disciples of Dao Sect in the last hundred years.
In the hearts of the Dao Sect disciples, one was a former legend while the other was a newborn legend. However, out of these two legends, one of them must emerge victorious today. 
Buzz buzz!
The barren land continuously trembled and it felt as though there was an earthquake. Meanwhile, one could vaguely spot some light seeping out from beneath the ground. It turns out that extremely violent energy below was about to erupt.
“Huff.”
At this moment, Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath of air before he stared at the distant Zhou Tong. Then, a smile surfaced on his face before he said, “Martial senior Zhou Tong, perhaps I shall emerge victorious in this fight.”
Two black holes were suddenly formed within Lin Dong’s eyes after he uttered those words. Meanwhile, there was also black light surging from under his palms. Finally, they transformed into two huge black holes as well. After which, Devouring Power spluttered from them.
Bang!
The land finally collapsed at this moment. After which, a tens of thousands of feet large energy light pillar erupted just like a volcano eruption, before it shot towards the sky. In fact, even the clouds were forcefully shattered.
Bang!
After Lin Dong forcefully dragged out the energy from beneath the ground, another light pillar also shot out from below Zhou Tong. However, his energy light pillar was only half as thick as Lin Dong’s.
Clearly, he was no match for Lin Dong when it came to absorbing and devouring energy. After all, Lin Dong’s Great Desolation Scripture together with his Devouring Ancestral Symbol’s overbearing suction force far outclassed him.
When they saw the face off between the two of them, countless exclamations erupted. In fact, Ying Xiaoxiao and the rest clenched their hands tightly, while joy surged onto their faces.
“Bang!”
The tens of thousands of feet large energy light pillar lingered in the sky but it did not stop. A whistle sounded before it penetrated the empty space and headed straight towards Zhou Tong.
While this frightening energy light pillar was charging towards Zhou Tong, black holes suddenly appeared around him. Then, wild and violent Devouring Power surged and tore the empty space apart, leaving Zhou Tong unable to use his Spatial Ancestral Symbol to dodge that attack.
Since he was unable to dodge, a gray glow promptly flashed across Zhou Tong’s eyes. Then, he stomped his foot before the huge energy light pillar lingering around him also whizzed forward. It looked just like a pillar that could split the sky, as it collided violently with that incoming energy light pillar, which was at least twice its size.
Boom!
A deafening sound reverberated across the sky. In fact, one could clearly hear that sound from five hundred kilometres away. As the frightening energy assault wave spread, it actually overturned the large armies from both sides.
The experts from both factions, who could endure this assault, stared intently at the point where the two energy light pillars clashed. At that spot, the empty space continuously shattered.
Swish!
While they were staring intently at that spot, their pupils suddenly shrunk. Then, they saw a light figure suddenly rushing out from within the light pillar. Following which, a low roar sounded before a massive black hole began to grow from beneath his palms. Twirling both of his hands, he forcefully merged the two light pillars together.
Lin Dong grabbed the nearly hundred thousand feet large energy light pillar. Meanwhile, the veins on his arms began to squirm like dragons. After which, he used every ounce of his strength to lift it up before he ruthlessly smashed Zhou Tong!
Boom!
The energy light pillar came whistling downwards. Immediately, the land within a hundred thousand feet radius collapsed.
Tian Yuanzi’s expression was slightly altered when he saw the frightening momentum behind Lin Dong’s attack. He moved his hands and was just about to activate Zhou Tong’s full strength to counter that attack, when he suddenly realized that Zhou Tong’s body refused to budge.
“Damnit!”
Tian Yuanzi was startled. After which, he saw that a faint silver glint was flashing within Zhou Tong’s grayish eyes. Meanwhile, the latter’s body was trembling violently. Clearly, he was using all his strength to resist Tian Yuanzi.
Although Zhou Tong only managed to resist for a brief moment, it was more than enough. By the time the silver glint in Zhou Tong’s eyes were forcefully eroded, the frightening energy light pillar had already smashed onto his body. Soon after, a relieved colour appeared on his originally emotionless face.
Martial junior Lin Dong… it’s your victory. Thank you.
He muttered softly in his heart as the frightening light pillar completely enveloped him in front of countless pairs of eyes.





 Chapter 1211: Rescue
Resplendent light rays spread across the sky and it looked like the sun had just risen. This caused numerous individuals to involuntarily narrow their eyes. However, despite the stinging pain, they still forcefully endured the pain and stared intently at the sky.
After all, everyone wanted to know who would emerge victorious in the fight between two legends of Dao Sect.
Ying Xuanzi was staring intently at the sky. Given his strength, he was naturally able to clearly see the scene occuring within the wild and violent energy pillars. Hence, he personally saw that massive energy light pillar, which looked like a pillar that could support the sky, smashing violently downwards before it landed on Zhou Tong’s body.
The frightening energy within was such that even an expert who had touched Reincarnation could not withstand it!
Crack!
Wild and violent energy crazily struck Zhou Tong’s black skeleton like floodwaters. Following which, the space around him was shattered. Soon after, many slight cracks began to stealthily appear on his black skeleton.
Crack crack.
Those cracks may seem small, but they created a domino effect. Soon after, many cracks began to appear on that sturdy devil body, which had repeatedly thwarted Lin Dong. Within a short period of time, the cracks spread all across Zhou Tong’s body.
Evil and viscous demonic aura was emitted from within the black skeleton. However, they were completely vaporized by the terrifying energy.
As the demonic aura continuously vanished, a smile slowly appeared on Zhou Tong’s face. After which, the wild and violent energy descended before his body was finally blown apart.
The light pillar whistled forth before it finally landed on the distant ground. Immediately, the land rumbled and shook, before a hundred thousand feet large deep ravine was violently formed. It turns out that the entire mountain range was forcefully flattened.
Countless pairs of eyes shot towards the sky. After which, they coincidentally saw the moment where Zhou Tong’s body was completely destroyed. Promptly, their hearts shuddered. Was the victor finally decided?
A faint black fog lingered around the spot where Zhou Tong’s body was destroyed. Meanwhile, no life was emitted from within and it seemed like Zhou Tong had perished. 
Countless Dao Sect disciples sighed bitterly as they watched this scene. Meanwhile, all of them had mixed emotions in their hearts. Although Lin Dong emerged victorious, they were unable to rejoice. Instead, the hatred and fury they felt towards Yuan Gate became even more intense. After all, if it was not because of those Yuan Gate bastards, why would Lin Dong attack Zhou Tong and be forced to kill his fellow martial brother? 
Tian Yuanzi stared at the sky from afar with an insidious expression. Meanwhile, a black glow was glimmering within his eyes.
Standing in the sky, Lin Dong was also staring at the cluster of black fog. Promptly, he clenched his hand tightly before he began to feel somewhat anxious. According to what Yan said, Zhou Tong’s Yuan Spirit should be able to escape as long as that devil body was destroyed. However… was his final attack too powerful and it ended up destroying Zhou Tong’s Yuan Spirit as well?
“Don’t worry. Let’s wait first… he is protected by the Spatial Ancestral Symbol and should not be so fragile.” Yan’s voice sounded in Lin Dong’s heart. However, Lin Dong could hear the doubts in Yan’s voice. Clearly, even Yan was not absolutely confident that Zhou Tong had survived.
Although Lin Dong felt a little anxious in his heart, he knew that fretting over this matter would be of little use. Hence, he gradually calmed his heart before he stared intently at the cluster of drifting black fog.
The cluster of black fog drifting in the air showed no other activity. However, just as Lin Dong was about to lose control, his pupils suddenly shrunk. That was because he saw a silver ray of light suddenly appearing within that black fog. 
Moreover, it was vaguely possible to see an extremely weak golden light within that silver light. After which, that silver light wrapped around that weak golden light and began to flee from the black fog.
“Humph, trying to escape?”
However, a cold glint suddenly flashed across Tian Yuanzi’s eyes just as the silver light appeared. Then, he formed a seal with one hand and coldly cried, “Devil Emperor Lock!”
Buzz!
The drifting black fog suddenly unleashed frightening demonic aura. Then, they directly turned into countless black rays of light and shot forward. Those light rays entwined around each other and vaguely formed an extremely evil devil lock. That devil lock entwined around the silver light in an attempt to seal it again.
“Lin Dong, act now. If the Spatial Ancestral Symbol is once again sealed by the Devil Emperor Lock, it will be impossible to salvage Zhou Tong’s remanent Yuan Spirit!” Yan’s anxious voice suddenly sounded in Lin Dong’s heart.
Lin Dong acted immediately after Yan’s voice sounded. Although he did not know what was going on, he knew that it was something that was extremely detrimental to Zhou Tong.
“Sizzle sizzle!”
Black light and lightning glow seeped out from Lin Dong’s arm the moment he moved. Within a short instant, his arm had transformed into a black lightning like liquid. Then, he swiped his hand before he forcefully penetrated the evil devil lock and grabbed the silver light.
Tian Yuanzi’s expression became gloomy upon seeing this. Immediately, he changed his hand seal before the Devil Emperor Lock changed its target and tried to erode Lin Dong’s arm.
“Get lost!”
With a cold expression in his eyes, the strength of the two great Ancestral Symbols suddenly erupted from his arm. After which, that majestic force directly shattered the Devil Emperor Lock.
Back then, the reason why Yuan Gate was able to plant the Devil Emperor Lock on Zhou Tong was because they had already captured him. However, right now, Lin Dong was brimming with energy. Moreover, he possessed two great Ancestral Symbols, the Ancestor Stone and many other powerful divine objects made to resist the Yimo. As such, Tian Yuanzi must be dreaming if he wants to use the Devil Emperor Lock to deal with Lin Dong.
Lin Dong’s liquidized arm quickly retracted from the Devil Emperor Lock. Waving his sleeve, a warm white light shot out and wrapped around the Devil Emperor Lock.
Sizzle sizzle!
Under the illumination from the white light, a sizzling sound erupted from within the Devil Emperor Lock. After which, it was purified rapidly. Within a couple of minutes, it had vanished.
Lin Dong secretly sighed in relief after he saw that the Devil Emperor Lock was destroyed. After which, he cast his venomous eyes towards the gloomy looking Tian Yuanzi, before murderous desire surged in his eyes.
The light on Lin Dong’s arm gradually disappeared before his arm returned to normal. Then, he slowly opened his palm. After which, one could see a silver light glimmering within, while an ancient ripple was being emitted. It was the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
The silver light shook gently at this moment. After which, the glow became even more intense. Then, an extremely weak golden light slowly rose from deep within that silver light. It was Zhou Tong’s remanent Yuan Spirit.
Though Zhou Tong’s Yuan Spirit was protected by the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, he was still severely injured. As such, the golden light was extremely dim and not even the slightest fluctuation was emitted.
“His Yuan Spirit has taken too much damage. Let me keep him in the Ancestor Stone and nourish it. With his cultivation level, it should not be difficult for him to recover his physical body as long as his Yuan Spirit is still around.” Yan said.
“Aye.”
Lin Dong nodded. After which, a warm white light shot out from within his body before it wrapped around the Spatial Ancestral Symbol and the weak golden light. However, the golden light suddenly shook just as Yan was about to take him away. Following which, the golden light left the Spatial Ancestral Symbol before he entered the white light alone.
“This?”
Lin Dong was slightly startled upon seeing this.
“Martial junior Lin Dong, all along I was protected by the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. However, I was still eroded by the demonic aura. The Ancestral Symbols are natural divine objects and they despise the demonic aura. As of now, I am unable to use them. You are extremely talented and possess multiple Ancestral Symbols. Hence, the Spatial Ancestral Symbol will be of much greater use in your hands…”
While Lin Dong was stunned, an extremely weak and soft voice was suddenly emitted from within the white light. After which, that voice transmitted into Lin Dong’s ear.
“Martial senior Zhou Tong.”
Lin Dong hurriedly spoke after hearing this. However, the golden light had already dimmed. After which, it was brought into the Ancestor Stone by Yan. Hence, Lin Dong could only stare at the Spatial Ancestral Symbol in his hand with a frown.
“Lin Dong, what he said is correct. Currently, he has already been eroded by the demonic aura. Although the Ancestral Symbol was always protecting him, the Ancestral Symbols have their own rules. Therefore, trying to forcefully take control of them will only wound up hurting both parties.” Yan said.
Lin Dong hesitated for a moment. Although an Ancestral Symbol was an extraordinary object, Lin Dong already possessed two of them. As such, they were no longer as alluring as before. Moreover, this was something that belonged to Zhou Tong and he felt that it was somewhat inappropriate to take it.
However, being indecisive at this moment made him look like a hypocrite. Hence, he nodded and said, “I will keep the Spatial Ancestral Symbol for now. However, I will hand it back to martial senior Zhou Tong after he has been purified.”
“That’s up to you. Moreover, you should be wary of those fellows from Yuan Gate. For some unknown reason, I feel that something is amiss.” Yan nodded before he quickly said.
Lin Dong’s pupils hardened. He immediately nodded before he kept the Spatial Ancestral Symbol into his body. After which, his body moved and appeared in front of Ying Xuanzi before he said, “Relax, it’s still possible to save martial senior Zhou Tong.”
Joy finally rose on the faces of Ying Xuanzi’s group after they heard this.
“What should we do now?” Little Marten leaned over and asked. Meanwhile, a cold glint was glimmering within his eyes when he stared at the three great heads of Yuan Gate. In fact, it seemed like the murderous intent in his eyes were so dense that it had solidified. 
Lin Dong did not reply. However, he similarly cast his attention towards the interior of Yuan Gate, which was permeated by demonic aura. Then, a cold chill rose in his eyes.
“Haha.”
Standing above Yuan Gate, Tian Yuanzi smiled faintly when he detected their line of sight. Then, he said, “What a fascinating battle. It seems like there are new legends being born in every generation. Lin Dong, it seems like you have surpassed Zhou Tong.”
“Old dog, it’s your turn next.” Lin Dong stared at Tian Yuanzi without any emotion.
Tian Yuanzi smiled. Meanwhile, the insidious expression in his eyes grew even denser. After which, he glanced at the large number of experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance before he nodded and said, “Even though you managed to rescue Zhou Tong, it doesn’t really matter. He has already served his purpose. Next… I will let all of you have a taste of the Devil Feast.”
Black light suddenly surged from the eyes of the three great heads after Tian Yuanzi’s voice sounded. After which, the three of them formed some hand seals before three demonic lights erupted from their bodies. Meanwhile, those demonic lights connected the sky to the ground.
Swoosh!
Black demonic aura spread across the sky and land. Immediately, the entire world darkened while chilly winds blew. Soon after, countless sharp miserable howls suddenly sounded from within Yuan Gate. Everyone looked over only to realize that the bodies of the Yuan Gate disciples were currently exploding. Then, their flesh and blood merged with the dense demonic aura, which was drifting across the entire place.
“Rumble!”
The land below suddenly split apart as the demonic aura permeated the land. Soon after, viscous demonic aura spread before some terrifying creatures began to slowly crawl out from beneath the ground.
This part of the world descended into a sea of demonic aura at this moment!





 Chapter 1212: Grand Devil Feast
The entire area darkened rapidly at this moment. Demonic aura permeated the sky, while an evil and chilly aura spread, causing the expression of countless powerful individuals to change.
Lin Dong stared at the changes occuring in front of him with a solemn expression. Then, he directed his attention towards the interior of Yuan Gate. At that area, low and deep explosion noises were still being continuously emitted. In fact, the disciples of Yuan Gate exploded into a bloody fog one after another, before demonic aura crazily surged out from within them.
It turns out that the three great heads of Yuan Gate were actually this cruel. In order to finish off Lin Dong’s group, they were actually willing to sacrifice most of their Yuan Gate members!
“Be careful, under the ground...” Ying Huanhuan went to Lin Dong’s side. Then, her pretty icy blue eyes stared at the cracked ground. At that spot, she could feel an extremely majestic demonic aura.
Deep black light slowly swirled within Lin Dong’s eyes as if they had transformed into black holes. Soon after, his eyes looked through the many layers of devil-like creatures before his expression changed drastically. That was because he saw countless devil figures suddenly breaking out from beneath the ground before they popped up like wild beasts.
“What is that?”
Little Marten exclaimed. The demonic aura rose from beneath the ground before countless figures floated into the sky along with them.
Everyone looked over and saw many terribly damaged figures. Meanwhile, their bodies were exceptionally sturdy and they vaguely resembled a human’s body. However, their extremely evil auras allowed everyone to understand what they were.
“They are Yimo!” First elder Zhu Li cried out in a deep voice. There were actually so many Yimo hidden under Yuan Gate?
“No, they are all Yimo corpses and they should be dead Yimo. However, it seems like the three great heads of Yuan Gate managed to use some techniques to control them.” Lin Dong shook his head. These Yimo did not have much intelligence in their eyes and they were all filled with bloodlust and violence. In fact, they looked like murderous corpses that were being controlled. 
“During the great world war back then, most Yimo were killed and purified. Hence, not even their corpses remained. It is unexpected that there are actually so many of them hidden under Yuan Gate. It seems like Yuan Gate must have been collecting Yimo corpses over the years.” A chill rose on Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face as she said.
“Be careful. Though these Yimo corpses may not possess the same strength as they did back when they were alive, one should not underestimate them.”
Lin Dong nodded. Currently, the scene in front of them felt akin to a miniature version of the ancient great world war. In fact, those experts from the ancient times had perhaps faced a Yimo army, which far surpassed this in terms of numbers and strength.
“Roar!”
Those Yimo roared ferociously towards the sky, before they stared at the experts in the sky with their sunken eyes. Soon after, they rushed forward like a horde of locust and charged towards the countless experts in the sky from all directions.
“Everyone, let’s attack together. Kill those Yimo and destroy Yuan Gate!”
Sect master Mo Jian from Blade Sect cried out sternly. Soon after, incomparably sharp sword auras whistled forward and directly hacked hundreds of devil corpses. Their momentum was startling.
“Charge!”
Mo Jian’s attack immediately lifted the morale of the experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance. After which, they quickly suppressed the fear that had rose within their hearts. Following which, Yuan Power surged before attacks came raining down from all directions. Meanwhile, those devil corpses fell from the sky like birds which had lost their wings. However, soon after, even more devil corpses charged out from beneath the ground. 
There were many experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance. Hence, the first wave of devil corpses failed to gain much of an advantage. However, this situation began to change as the 
demonic aura came spluttering forth.
Roar!
A few clusters of huge demonic aura surged towards the sky. After which, dozens of skinny devils suddenly charged out from within. Though they were small in build, the density of their demonic aura far surpassed the devil corpses from before. Evidently, these devil corpses were all Yimo Generals when they were alive, which were strictly speaking equivalent to Samsara stage experts.
Currently, although their strength had significantly weakened, their auras were still extremely frightening. They endured the majestic storm like attacks and charged into the large army of the Yuan Destruction Alliance. After which, demonic aura spluttered out before many powerful individuals were killed instantly.
With those powerful devil corpses acting as the vanguards, the devil corpses behind also began to surge over. After which, two torrents collided, before demonic aura and Yuan Power gushed forth manically. It was an extremely frightening sight to behold. 
“Sect master, all of you should go and lend a helping hand. Stop those powerful devil corpses.” Lin Dong glanced at the chaotic battle in the sky. The stronger Yimo General devil corpses were on a rampage and they created many openings on their defensive line. As such, if the situation was not brought under control, it would be extremely easy for their forces to be scattered by the large devil corpse army behind.
“Alright.”
Ying Xuanzi nodded with a grave expression. He waved his hand before he led many powerful experts from Dao Sect and charged forward. Then, he blocked some of the devil corpses, which were tougher to deal with.
“First elder Zhu Li, big brother Liu Qing, Huanhuan. All of you should keep a close eye on the current situation. Should powerful devil corpses show up, you guys will have to intervene and deal with them.” Lin Dong stared at the demonic aura churning across the land. He could sense that there were even stronger devil corpses below, which had yet to show themselves. Clearly, Yuan Gate was well-prepared for today and if they were careless, it was likely that many powerful experts from the Eastern Xuan Region would end up being buried here.
“Understood.”
First elder Zhu Li and the rest were also well-aware of the gravity of the situation. Promptly, all of them nodded solemnly.
“Those three old dogs from Yuan Gate are gone. They are the most troublesome ones.” A fearsome glint was glimmering within Little Marten’s eyes as he cried out in a low voice.
Lin Dong surveyed the place and realized that the three great heads of Yuan Gate had unknowingly vanished. This caused him to frown slightly. Those three old dogs were indeed extremely troublesome to deal with.
“Bang!”
Just as Lin Dong was planning to search for the three great heads of Yuan Gate, a monstrous demonic aura suddenly swept out from beneath the ground. After which, a couple of devil figures slowly walked out from within the demonic aura.
“Damnit, such formidable demonic aura. Could it be that those devil corpses were Yimo kings when they were alive?” The Heaven Dragon Demon Commander stared at the few devil figures that had just emerged from that monstrous demonic aura, before he said.
The demonic aura gradually disappeared. Soon after, six devil figures appeared. However, in contrast to the other devil corpses, their bodies were relatively well preserved. Meanwhile, there was evil demonic aura surging within their eyes and one could vaguely feel a faint pressure from them. Clearly, they were most likely Yimo kings when they were alive.
The six devil figures set their evil eyes on Lin Dong’s group after they showed up. Clearly, they realized that the latter’s group were the strongest individuals around. 
“Let’s attack.”
First elder Zhu Li said in a deep voice. Though those Yimo kings became much weaker after their death, an ordinary Samsara stage expert was still unable to deal with them. Hence, they were the only ones present who could block those devil corpses.
Swoosh!
However, even before they could make a move, those six devil figures had already roared towards the sky. Then, demonic aura churned as the six of them came rushing over.
“All of you should be careful.” Lin Dong glanced at Ying Huanhuan and Ling Qingzhu before he softly said. 
“We will leave the three great heads of Yuan Gate to the three of you. Find them and finish them off. After all, we can only end this fight by finishing them off.” Ling Qingzhu nodded. Though her voice remained cold and collected, she paused for a moment before adding, “Be careful. I will come and assist you if you run into any problems.”
Ling Qingzhu did not wait for a reply after uttering those words as her delicate figure rushed forward immediately. Then, she let out a lovely cry before sharp sword glows surged. After which, she stopped one of the devil figures.
Lin Dong gave a gentle smile as he looked at Ling Qingzhu’s figure. After which, he felt a chillness radiating into his hand. This was because a jade like smooth hand was holding onto his hand. Turning his head around, Ying Huanhuan’s beautiful icy blue eyes immediately entered his sight. 
Ying Huanhuan did not say anything. She merely held Lin Dong’s hand before she gently gripped it. Soon after, she let go of his hand and rushed forward. Immediately, monstrous cold aura surged and even the evil demonic aura was frozen.
After she left, only Little Marten and Little Flame remained by Lin Dong’s side. They looked at each other before they all saw an extremely intense fierce glint within each other’s eyes.
“Next, let us three brothers fight those three old dogs.” Lin Dong laughed.
“Three years ago, those three old dogs took advantage of the fact that Grandpa Marten had not recovered from his injuries. This time around, Grandpa Marten shall collect back that debt!” Murderous aura filled Little Marten’s handsome face. He had always been extremely ashamed of what happened three years ago. Back then, he was the strongest one out of the three of them. With his personality, he naturally felt that he must do his best to protect Lin Dong and Little Flame. However, he never expected that Lin Dong, whose strength was far inferior to his back then, was the one who ended up protecting them instead. 
Little Flame grinned. His grin was exactly the same as three years ago. However, there was monstrous ferocity surging within his current grin.
The three brothers stepped on the empty space. Meanwhile, the fearsome aura that permeated the place was so powerful that even the demonic aura did not dare to approach them.
Rumble!
The land below also began to tremble violently. After which, the Lin Dong trio saw that amidst the viscous demonic aura below, a ten thousand feet large devil figure was slowly climbing out from the deepest part of the hole. 
Demonic aura raged across the sky.
A humongous devil figure, which was wrapped by demonic aura, slowly surfaced. It looked just like a giant monster and it was completely black in colour. Meanwhile, it had four large devil arms and it did not have any eyes. Instead, there was only a ferocious large mouth packed with sharp black teeth on its face. Meanwhile, demonic aura was also being spat out from its huge mouth like floodwaters.
“What is that?”
The Lin Dong trio looked at this monster, before their pupils all hardened in the process.
“Lin Dong, be careful. That is the Cosmic Evil Devil King and it is the strongest type of Yimo. Back then, the Yimo Emperor’s stead was a Cosmic Evil Devil King. Moreover, the strength of that Evil Devil King is equivalent to a true king who has passed two Reincarnation Tribulations!” Yan’s solemn voice sounded.
“Equivalent to someone who has passed two Reincarnation Tribulations?” Lin Dong’s pupils shrunk, while his heart was filled with shock.
“Although this Cosmic Evil Devil King is merely a corpse, it is being controlled by the three great heads of Yuan Gate. Therefore, it is likely that even an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert would be no match for it.”
With a grave expression in his eyes, Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath. He didn’t expect the three great heads of Yuan Gate to have such a powerful ace hidden up their sleeves. 
“Hehe.”
While Lin Dong’s heart shuddered, he saw demonic aura slowly squirming on the large face of that Cosmic Evil Devil King. Soon after, the faces of three individuals appeared. Then, they stared at the Lin Dong trio in the sky, before they used their transformed voice to laugh out loud, “Lin Dong, like I said. Even after three years, the three of you are still ants in my eyes!”
“Now, do you still have the courage to attack?”
Lin Dong’s eyes were icy cold as he stared at the Cosmic Evil Devil King. After which, an arc was lifted on the corner of his lips. Meanwhile, a searing heat slowly surged within his dark black eyes.
“It is quite powerful indeed. However, this makes defeating them even more worthwhile, am I right?”
As he spoke, Lin Dong turned his head and looked at Little Marten and Little Flame. Meanwhile, it seems like the two of them were gradually turning mad.
“Are you guys ready for an all-out fight?”
The Little Marten duo parted their lips into a smile. With a fearsome expression in their eyes, they solemnly nodded their heads. After all, they had been waiting for this day for three years!
“In that case…”
Lin Dong slowly clenched his fist, before a sharp aura surged towards the sky.
“Let’s fight!”





 Chapter 1213: Dragon, Tiger, Marten
In that case, let’s fight.
The moment these words left Lin Dong’s mouth, three powerful unsheathed-blade-like auras abruptly shot into the sky in a bold and ferocious manner. Their rippling auras directly blasted away the spreading Demonic Qi.
The three of them stood in the air. Their eyes were ice-cold as they locked onto the huge Cosmic Evil Devil King in front of them.
“Ha ha, you really do not know your limits. Even if the three of us were to fight separately, we will still be able to destroy you three brothers a dozen times over. Even less needs to be said now that the three of us have fused with this Cosmic Evil Devil King. Yet, you three still dare to seek revenge for your past humiliation? How comical. Ha ha.”
The three strange faces on the Cosmic Evil Devil King laughed out loud as they felt the battle intent from the Lin Dong trio. The three piercing laughters joined together and spread. It was filled with ridicule and disdain.
The three of them had already truly advanced to the Reincarnation stage. Furthermore, they had merged their flesh into this Cosmic Evil Devil King. Although this did not allow it to regain its full power, it was definitely no longer something that an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert could stop. Moreover, the Lin Dong trio were merely at the Samsara stage. Such strength was insignificant in their eyes.
“Once we finish off you three brothers, not a single person here will be able to escape. Ha ha, Lin Dong, ah Lin Dong, you are still under the delusion that you will be able to massacre our Yuan Gate without realising that the three of us have long been waiting here for you. You have brought all these experts that rebel against our Yuan Gate. This will allow us to finish all of them off. At that time, who in this Eastern Xuan Region will dare to resist us?”
Lin Dong’s expression was indifferent as he looked at the three strange laughing faces on the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Both of his hands slowly tightened. Bright purple-gold light spread from within his body as dragon roars resounded in the sky.
“Roar!”
Little Flame also unleashed a frightening tiger roar at this moment. The Devouring Tiger Army not far behind him suddenly sat down after his roar sounded. Soon after, monstrous black light swept out from their bodies as a huge black light barrier covered them while a terrifyingly baleful aura spread.
Monstrous black light galloped in the sky. Finally, it was absorbed by Little Flame. His originally metal tower like body immediately swelled at this moment. Black and white tough tiger fur grew on the surface of his body, while a frighteningly brutal aura unfurled.
Little Flame’s strength was only at the Samsara stage. However, the Devouring Tiger Army was closely bound to him. He gathered the strength of a thousand in a single body. Adding the top tier bloodline of the Darkness Saint Tiger tribe flowing within his body, the strength that he unleashed would likely force even someone like first elder Zhu Li, who had come into contact with Reincarnation, to temporarily retreat.
Little Marten also rose into the air as Little Flame unleashed his full power. A piercing howl dashed into the clouds and boundless purple-black energy spread. A pair of ten thousand feet large bat wings seemed to blot out the sun as they extended behind him. Purple-gold patterns covered the bat wings, giving off a trace of noble and ancient aura.
Little Marten was an expert who had touched Reincarnation. Together with his extremely pure Celestial Demon Marten tribe bloodline, his fighting strength was also extraordinary.
“Let’s fight!”
Little Marten gave off a terrible aura as his roar suddenly resounded across the sky. The auras of the trio were now tyrannical to the limit.
“Ha ha.”
The three great heads of the Yuan Gate laughed loudly. Soon after, the huge Cosmic Evil Devil King rushed forward. The land shook and monstrous Demonic Qi swept forth like a storm.
“Roar!”
Little Flame’s tiger eyes turned crimson. He clenched his large hand and a huge divine hammer appeared. Nine cauldron symbols flashed with dazzling light on the hammer. After which, he took the lead and charged forward. The divine hammer in his hand turned into a ten thousand feet large hammer shadow that shattered space as it ruthlessly smashed towards the huge Comic Evil Devil.
“Swoosh!”
Purple-black light gathered in Little Marten’s palm. After which, a river like black stream of light shot out. This stream was filled with a mighty force.
Purple-gold light exploded from within Lin Dong’s body at this moment. Three thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos rushed forward, transforming into a purple-gold dragon claw that was ten thousand feet in size. After which, it brazenly swung forward.
The three of them attacked together using their true strength. The shock waves that erupted at that instant seemed to want to turn the entire area upside down.
“Evil Devil Shield!”
However, the three great heads of Yuan Gate merely laughed coldly in the face of the the trio joining hands. Demonic Qi churned and turned into a ten thousand feet large black shield in front of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. The shield was covered with twisted devil faces and sinister Demonic Qi.
Bang bang bang!
The three powerful attacks practically arrived together. After which, they ruthlessly blasted the large black shield. An earthshaking sound appeared and the land below continuously crumbled.
The residual energy waves gradually scattered. Some cracks appeared on the large black shield, before it slowly disintegrated. However, the attacks from the Lin Dong trio were completely blocked.
“Is this all that you have grown in the last three years?”
The three faces on the Cosmic Evil Devil King laughed in an odd manner. Subsequently, the Cosmic Evil Devil King took a step forward. Its enormous body displayed an extremely frightening speed. In a flash, it had already appeared behind Little Flame. Its demon arm, which was covered with demonic symbols, clenched tightly. Subsequently, a punch containing a devastating force mercilessly smashed towards Little Flame.
Roar!
With a terrifying force attacking him from the back, Little Flame also roared towards the sky. A terrible aura surged as black and white light swept outwards, turning into an enormous black and white light tiger around his body. With a loud tiger roar, tiger paws tightly grasped the divine hammer and directly clashed with the Cosmic Evil Devil King without shrinking back.
Bang!
The surrounding space shattered as the two collided. Little Flame’s body was sent flying backwards. Fresh blood seeped out from the tiger paws that were holding the divine hammer. It was clearly a little too much for him to clash head on with this Cosmic Evil Devil King, an entity that contained the combined power of three great heads of Yuan Gate, with his current ability. If it was not because he had obtained the essence blood inheritance of the Darkness Saint Tiger and had became stronger, it was likely that he would not even have been able to receive this single attack.
The three great heads of Yuan Gate seemed to have seen through the fact that Little Flame was the weaker link. Hence, they did not change their target after Little Flame was forced back. Their huge body moved to once again deliver a killing blow.
“Purple Moon Slash!”
However, Lin Dong and Little Marten would naturally not allow them to carry out their plan. Little Marten was the first to attack. He clenched his hand and an incomparably large purple crescent formed in the sky. His fingers were lowered and the purple moon penetrated through the void and sped towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
“Scram!”
A sharp cry was emitted from the three faces on the Cosmic Evil Devil King. After which, the Cosmic Evil Devil King turned around and threw a punch. Surging Demonic Qi swept forth as the punch was directly delivered onto that incomparably sharp purple moon. As Demonic Qi surged, the purple moon was shattered with a single punch.
Ch!
Having blasted apart the purple moon with a single punch, the huge and sinister maw of the Cosmic Evil Devil King opened. A beam of viscous Demonic Qi swept out with lightning speed and headed straight for Little Marten.
However, the moment that Demonic Qi light beam that contained astonishing destructive power shot out, a huge circular black hole spread in front of it. It devoured the Demonic Qi light beam with a gulp.
Bang!
However, the Demonic Qi contained within the light beam was not to be underestimated. The circular black hole rapidly swelled after devouring it. In the end, it exploded apart with a loud sound. Soon after, a Demonic Qi light beam that was much weaker than before escaped. Nevertheless, it was blocked by Little Marten.
Lin Dong’s eyes hardened slightly after seeing that the attack from this Cosmic Evil Devil King had managed to penetrate the black hole formed by Devouring Power. The combined might of these three great heads of Yuan Gate was indeed quite frightening.
“Attack together!”
Brilliant purple-gold light gathered as waves of ancient dragon roars rippled from within Lin Dong’s body. Endless fighting intent seemed to surge within his pitch-black eyes. He would see today if the three of them together would be able to beat the three great heads of Yuan Gate!
Bang bang bang!
Little Marten and Little Flame howled as Lin Dong’s cry sounded. After which, they circulated the power within their bodies to the limit. Three light figures that gave off ominous auras rushed forward. Incomparably berserk attacks came pouring down like rain, enveloping the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
The Cosmic Evil Devil King unleashed waves of deafening howls in the face of the combined attacks from the trio. Demonic Qi surged like an ocean and blocked the trio’s attacks.
This fight was undoubtedly problematically earthshaking. The land crumbled and space distorted wherever the battle was. Each time Yuan Power and Demonic Qi clashed, a tornado would rise. Those demon corpse and practitioners caught in the resulting aftershocks hurriedly pulled back.
Boom boom!
The Cosmic Evil Devil King did not reveal any fatigue despite facing the crazy attacks of the Lin Dong trio. Demonic Qi churned on without end. 
“Ha ha ha ha.”
The Cosmic Evil Devil King’s giant fist sent the pouncing Little Flame flying, while piercing voices that now had a different pitch continued to spread. The three strange faces were filled with ridicule.
“Lin Dong, is this all you have? The Demonic Qi in this Devil Feast World world is infinite, and these demon corpses will rise again even after defeat. However, there will be fewer and fewer people left in your Yuan Destruction Alliance. Ha ha, as more time pass, everyone here will not be able to escape!”
Lin Dong’s eyes hardened when he heard these words. He saw the defeated demon corpses once again charge forward fearlessly after being eroded by Demonic Qi. On the other hand, the Yuan Destruction Alliance had suffered increasingly greater losses. If it was not for first elder Zhu Li, Ying Huanhuan and other peak experts, the situation would be much more dire.
“Lin Dong, we must indeed swiftly finish off this fellow. Otherwise, those demon corpses will grow stronger and stronger.” Yan’s grave voice sounded.
Lin Dong had a grim expression. He slowly nodded as his eyes looked towards Little Marten and Little Flame nearby. Scarlet light flashed within their eyes.
“Roar!”
Little Flame’s body suddenly began to swell at a shocking speed. Black and white light spread as indescribably berserk undulations rippled outwards.
A terrifying tiger roar sounded. A large black and white tiger that was equal in size to the Cosmic Evil Devil King surfaced in the sky from the black and white light. An ancient fluctuation permeated the sky.
Evidently, the present Little Flame had already revealed the true body of the Darkness Saint Tiger. This was his strongest battle form as a Demonic Beast. 
Purple light also emerged from Little Marten’s body. After which, his ten thousand feet large bat wings rapidly grew. Subsequently, they crossed in front of him and covered his body. Light seemed to seep out from the cracks.
The bat wings were finally opened. A layer of purple-black armour had appeared on Little Marten. Strange purple-black symbols stealthily spread on his bewitching face as long purple-black hair scattered downwards. He appeared like the king of the dark night amidst the moonlight backdrop.
“Roar!”
A dragon roar sounded as purple-gold light blossomed. A hundred thousand feet large purple-gold dragon coiled in the sky, while an indescribable ancient and pure dragon aura spread and filled the area.
The Cosmic Evil Devil King stood on the ground while overflowing Demonic Qi surrounded it. The sky above it was occupied by a titanic purple-gold dragon, a Darkness Saint Tiger and a Celestial Demon Marten.
This battleground had already become a little out of control.





 Chapter 1214: Fighting the Devils
Yuan Power surged as the demonic aura whistled forward.
A large purple-gold dragon, Darkness Saint Tiger, and Celestial Demon Marten crouched at three different locations. Meanwhile, brutal and terrifying auras were emitted from their large bodies, while the searing heat in their eyes could melt their opponent’s desire to fight. 
The three great heads of Yuan Gate were staring at the three of them, who had transformed into three fearsome beasts. Promptly, the expression in their eyes changed. This was because given their eyesight, they were naturally able to tell that the Lin Dong trio’s auras had surged rapidly.
Typically speaking, after a demonic beast returned to its actual form, its fighting strength would surpass that of a human at the same cultivation level. Moreover, the dragon, tiger and marten that the three of them had transformed into, were clearly no ordinary demonic beasts.
“Obstinate fools. I want to see what you guys can do today!”
Those three great heads were startled by the aura of the Lin Dong trio. However, they quickly chuckled. After all, their own strength far surpassess that of the Lin Dong trio. Together with the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body, it was clearly no mean feat for the Lin Dong trio to turn things around.
Roar!
However, it was evident that the Lin Dong trio did not want to waste their time talking to the three great heads. Immediately, the Darkness Saint Tiger, which was transformed by Little Flame, let out a deep roar. Then, that tiger roar seemingly turned into a solidified sonic wave, before it reverberated across the place.
Swoosh!
After he roared, Little Flame dashed forward. His huge body seemingly penetrated through space, before his large shadow enveloped the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Then, he opened his mouth and roared, before he fired a black and white energy light beam. With a loud ‘boom’, that light beam shot straight towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
However, just as the light beam was a thousand feet away from the Cosmic Evil Devil King, demonic aura came rolling over. Then, they transformed into a light curtain that completely blocked the light beam.
Roar!
However, right after his light beam was blocked, Little Flame had already charged over together with monstrous ferocious aura. After which, he used his tiger mouth, which was packed with dense sharp teeth that were seemingly able to rip through space, to ruthlessly bite the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
“Humph!”
Demonic aura surged across the body of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Promptly, demonic storms gathered on its fist. After which, it delivered a punch towards Little Flame.
Swoosh!
That devil swung its fist. However, before it landed on Little Flame’s body, purple-black light suddenly came sweeping over from in front. After which, a huge purple-black crescent moon came whistling over before it slammed heavily against that fist.
Bang!
A cold glint flashed across the eyes of the three great heads of Yuan Gate. Promptly, demonic aura suddenly surged on the devil fist, before its hand turned into a blade. In fact, its five fingers were just like incomparably sharp devil spears. Following which, demonic aura surged before that devil blade forcefully penetrated the purple-black crescent moon and headed straight towards Little Flame without a drop in its momentum.
Roar!
An ancient dragon roar suddenly resounded across the place. Following which, an enormous dragon claw covered by purple-gold dragon scales, suddenly tore through space before it ruthlessly clashed against the sharp long blade formed by the devil palm.
Creak creak.
A deafening metallic sound spread, before sparks flew and a violent energy assault wave spread. However, the purple-gold dragon claw was forced to retreat continuously, while purple-gold light flickered and blocked the erosion from the demonic aura. 
Swoosh!
With the dragon claw blocking the devil palm, Little Flame’s huge body took the opportunity to leap forward. Then, he used his cold and menacing tiger mouth to mercilessly bite the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s arm. Immediately, a sharp creaking sound appeared, before black blood swiftly flowed down the devil arm. It seems like Little Flame did not hold back at all. 
“You are courting death!”
The intense pain emitted from the devil arm caused the three great heads of Yuan Gate to cry out furiously. Promptly, they used another devil arm to grab Little Flame’s huge body, before they tossed him away violently.
Bang bang!
Little Flame’s body rubbed against the ground, leaving a ten thousand feet deep scar. In fact, a mountain was even shattered in the process. However, the instant Little Flame stabilized his body, a ferocious glint appeared in his eyes. Then, he stomped his tiger foot before he once again charged forward with a ferocious aura. 
“Swoosh!”
Little Marten flapped the tens of thousands of feet large bat wings behind his back. Meanwhile, the purple-black light in his palm squirmed before they transformed into a purple-black spear. Following which, his body rushed forward with lightning like speed, before he launched a frightening sharp attack towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
Roar!
The purple-gold dragon that Lin Dong had transformed into, roared towards the sky. Following which, purple-gold light vaporized all the demonic aura within ten thousand feet from him. Then, his sharp dragon claw, which was covered by purple-gold dragon scales, tore through space and crazily swiped at the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
Ao!
Up against the ferocious attacks from the three of them, the Cosmic Evil Devil King released a wild beast like roar. After which, it clenched its devil fist, before surging demonic aura transformed into a ten thousand feet large devil totem pole. As it waved that devil totem pole, the land beneath cracked, forming several ten thousand feet large deep cracks.
Four massive figures clashed violently. The huge tiger bit with his sharp teeth, while the Celestial Demon Marten flapped his bat wings, before purple-black spears shadows penetrated through space and rained down from all directions. Meanwhile, the huge dragon released a deep roar, before he swung his massive dragon claws, which were powerful enough to destroy mountains.
Nonetheless, despite being surrounded and attacked by the three of them, the Cosmic Evil Devil King did not give in. Instead, each time it swung the devil totem pole in its hand, it would force one of them back.
In terms of strength, it was obvious that the three great heads of Yuan Gate were superior. However, the Lin Dong trio were no ordinary experts as well, and each of them had their own unique abilities. Moreover, all of them were extremely brutal and were even willing to risk their lives in a fight. Hence, even though injuries continuously appeared on the Lin Dong trio’s bodies, the Cosmic Evil Devil King also suffered some significant injuries due to their maniacal attacks.
The land cracked whenever the fight went, and their surrounding space became distorted. This fight was so intense that it felt as though this part of the world was on the verge of collapsing. 
This part of the world had clearly became extremely chaotic. The entire place was enveloped by the demonic aura while distant battle cries shook the sky. Meanwhile, countless powerful experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance clashed violently with those devil corpses. At this juncture, owing to the bloodlust, all of them had clearly lost their minds. Hence, powerful Yuan Power surged before they mercilessly charged towards those devil corpses.
Occasionally, there were some figures falling from the sky. Some of them were devil corpses, while the rest were experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance. After all, when these two frightening meat grinders clashed, countless individuals would be pulverized every second.
At a short distance away, Ying Huanhuan clenched her hand. Following which, hundreds of sharp ice picks shot out from her hand, before they penetrated hundreds of devil corpses. Then, cold aura spread before many frozen devil corpses fell onto the ground and shattered into ice shards.
Nonetheless, there were far too many devil corpses here. Furthermore, thanks to the nourishment from the endless demonic aura, those devil corpses would usually climb to their feet again unless they were completely shattered like what Ying Huanhuan did. Therefore, even more devil corpses charged towards Ying Huanhuan after she finished off the ones in her vicinity.
Swoosh swoosh!
Sharp sword auras suddenly swept over from all directions. Following which, those devil corpses which were charging towards Ying Huanhuan, were all hacked into pieces.
Ying Huanhuan turned her head upon seeing this. After which, she saw a white clothed beauty standing behind her. The latter exchanged glances with her using her calm and collected eyes. After which, the both of them turned their heads away simultaneously.
The devil corpses once again came surging over like floodwaters. Although these devil corpses were unable to hurt the both of them, they had to try their best to destroy as many as possible in order to lighten the burden on others. Therefore, the both of them gradually moved closer to one another.
Cold aura was circling around Ying Huanhuan. She waved her jade like hand before a few hundred devil corpses were frozen instantly. After which, she involuntarily looked afar. At that spot, there were extremely violent ripples being emitted, and it was considered as the most fearsome battle in the region.
Ying Huanhuan looked at that spot before she frowned slightly. Currently, the Lin Dong trio were risking their lives in an all-out fight with the three great heads of Yuan Gate. It was a valiant and tragic fight with fresh blood spurting everywhere.
“Let me go and assist him.”
When Ying Huanhuan saw that the purple-gold dragon that Lin Dong had transformed, was sent flying by the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s devil totem pole, a cold glint flashed across her pretty eyes. She was just about to make a move when a cool hand pulled her back.
“What are you doing?” Ying Huanhuan asked in a displeased tone.
“You should not join such a fight. This is a matter concerning them, three brothers. He will be displeased if you go.” Ling Qingzhu released Ying Huanhuan’s hand before she slowly said.
Ying Huanhuan’s body stilled upon hearing this. She was just about to open her mouth to retort, when she suddenly recalled Lin Dong’s character. She knew that even though Lin Dong may appear warm and friendly on the surface, he was extremely proud in his heart. Three years ago, he was forced to withdraw from Dao Sect and flee the Eastern Xuan Region by the three great heads. This was something that he was most definitely ashamed of. Now that he has returned, given his character, he would definitely want to get back at the other party. In fact, it was precisely because of this that he did not use his formidable puppet and instead relied on his two brothers alone.
It was just like what Ling Qingzhu said. Lin Dong would be displeased if she chose to help him in such a fight.
“A stupid prideful fellow! He deserves to suffer!”
Ying Huanhuan looked at the miserable fight in the distant, where blood was spluttered all over the place. Then, she gently clenched her teeth before she involuntarily roared furiously. Soon after, cold aura surged around her before she directly charged into the devil corpse army. Whenever the cold aura swept by, the devil corpses would turn into ice. Moreover, it was clear that she was much more ruthless than before. Clearly, she wanted to vent the fury in her heart on these pitiful devil corpses.
　　……
Bang!
The black devil totem pole was accompanied by frightening demonic aura as it swept across the place. After which, it ruthlessly slammed onto the Darkness Saint Tiger, who was charging towards it. Immediately, that tiger emitted a painful moan through his mouth. However, a fearsome glow continued to glimmer within his eyes. Then, he opened his ferocious large mouth before he bit the arm of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. After which, he jerked his tiger head and forcefully ripped a huge bloody hole on that devil arm.
“Swoosh!”
Purple-black light came sweeping over from all directions. Then, wild gales surged before a ten thousand feet large spear came directly piercing towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s chest with lightning like speed. 
Sizzle!
That incomparably sharp spear could even penetrate a top expert, who had touched Reincarnation. However, it merely managed to pierce halfway through the body of the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
Roar!
A dragon roar closely followed. Then, that tens of thousands of feet large purple-gold dragon claw clenched into a fist, before it ruthlessly punched the ten thousand feet large spear. Immediately, an energy ripple that was visible to the naked eye, suddenly spread.
The ten thousand feet spear finally penetrated the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s chest with help from that powerful blow. After which, it exited through the devil’s back.
Wail!
A sharp roar filled with intense pain was suddenly released by that Cosmic Evil Devil King. After which, a brutal expression appeared on the three strange faces.
“You three bastards. How dare you injure my Cosmic Evil Devil King. Do you know how much effort it took to repair it?!”
A sharp roar sounded before frightening demonic aura suddenly swept out from within the Cosmic Evil Devil King in all directions. Following which, the three great heads of Yuan Gate cried out in a stern voice, “Playtime’s over. You three bastards shall die now!”
The Cosmic Evil Devil King suddenly opened its fearsome large mouth. Then, a frightening swirl was formed within before an indescribable demonic aura surged. Finally, the scent of death emerged from within its mouth.
“Cosmic Evil Devil Abyss!”





 Chapter 1215: Battle of Revenge
Monstrous demonic aura erupted from the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s large ferocious mouth at this moment. Meanwhile, there were intense deathly ripples being emitted from deep within its large mouth, causing one’s scalp to turn numb.
The land began trembling violently at this moment before a strong suction force was emitted from the mouth of that Cosmic Evil Devil King. The strength of that suction force was such that even the massive bodies of the transformed Lin Dong trio showed signs of being dragged away.
While the suction force suged, a black glowing halo suddenly shot out from within the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s mouth. After which, it wrapped around the Darkness Saint Tiger, that Little Flame had transformed into.
Swoosh.
The light halo enveloped him before a suction force suddenly surged. Immediately, Little Flame’s large body was lifted into the air before he was dragged towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s huge mouth, which now looked like a deep abyss.
Roar!
Little Flame released a series of tiger roars as he struggled violently. Meanwhile, black and white light continuously surged out from within his body in an attempt to resist that suction force. However, it was to no avail. Instead, all he could do was to stare at that large mouth, which was now growing closer and closer. Meanwhile, the depths of that large mouth looked just like the abyss of death, and a rich sense of danger rose from it.
Little Marten’s expression changed drastically when he saw that Little Flame was in danger. Immediately, he flapped his large bat wings and rushed forward in an attempt to rescue Little Flame.
However, right after Little Marten moved, the Cosmic Evil Devil King swung the devil totem pole in his hand. Immediately, mighty demonic aura surged before he directly pushed Little Marten back.
“Haha, no one has ever survived after falling into the Cosmic Evil Devil Abyss!” The three great heads of Yuan Gate laughed heartily. Meanwhile, their laughter was filled with evil and cruelty.
Little Flame struggled intensely. However, when he realized that there was no escape, a fearsome glint suddenly appeared in his tiger eyes. Then, fresh blood seeped out from his large body, before waves of wild and violent energy erupted forth. It seems like he was about to self-destruct.
Boom!
However, a purple-gold light suddenly enveloped Little Flame just as he was about to risk it all and go all-out against the three great heads of Yuan Gate. Then, a huge purple-gold dragon tail swung violently against his body, before the powerful force directly sent him flying.
Little Flame was startled. After which, he hurriedly took a look before he was instantly stunned. This was because he saw that the huge purple-gold dragon that Lin Dong had transformed into, had taken his place instead. After which, that large mouth, which was releasing endless demonic aura, swallowed Lin Dong in one gulp.
“Big brother!”
A brutal scarlet colour surged within Little Flame’s tiger eyes instantly. After which, he turned around and charged towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King. However, he was quickly stopped by Little Marten, who appeared in front of him.
“Second brother?! What are you doing?” Little Flame cried out furiously upon seeing this.
“Why are you panicking? Do you really think that he is so reckless? It isn’t going to be so easy to swallow him!” Little Marten’s handsome face sunk as he chided.
“But…” Little Flame hesitated for a moment before he collected himself. However, his tiger eyes were still completely red. Previously, he clearly detected the frightening demonic aura within the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s large mouth. In fact, it was likely that even a Reincarnation stage expert would be eroded if he was to fall within.
“Haha, the both of you can quit dreaming. Even a Reincarnation stage expert would be turned into ashes by the demonic aura after falling into the Cosmic Evil Devil Abyss. That arrogant Lin Dong actually believes that he can avoid this fate. What a joke!” The three great heads of Yuan Gate laughed out loud. Meanwhile, their laughter was filled with mockery.
Little Marten stared at the three of them, who were laughing now, with no emotion on his face. Instead, he merely said faintly to Little Flame, “Once the opportunity arises, unleash your full strength and attack.”
Little Flame relaxed slightly after he saw that Little Marten was not genuinely worried. After which, he nodded solemnly.
After finishing off Lin Dong, who was the most troublesome one to deal with, the three great heads of Yuan Gate were clearly extremely excited. Then, they directed their dark and cold eyes towards the Little Marten duo. Promptly, a ferocious smile appeared before they prepared to attack.
Buzz.
Just as they were about to attack, a strange buzzing sound was suddenly emitted from within the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body. When they heard that sound, shock immediately surfaced in the eyes of the three great heads of Yuan Gate.
“You three old dogs, this young master is a tough nut to crack. I’m afraid that you will only get indigestion after you swallow me!” A chuckle sounded after the buzzing sound appeared. 
“You are indeed a tough nut to crack. However, I don’t believe that you can survive after falling into the Cosmic Evil Devil Abyss!” A cold glint flashed across the eyes of the three great heads. Following which, the colour of the Cosmic Evil Devil King darkened even further. Then, a frightening demonic aura wildly gushed forward in an attempt to kill Lin Dong.
“Haha, I will purify as much demonic aura as you can throw at me!”
However, Lin Dong’s loud laughter once again sounded after the demonic aura surged out. All of a sudden, the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s huge body trembled violently. That was because a warm white glow was actually seeping out from within its huge body.
Ahh!
The expression of the three great heads changed drastically after the white light appeared. Following which, miserable screeches sounded, before the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s large body began to tremble. 
“Rumble!”
While the white light flickered, a low and deep thunder roar followed. In fact, it seemed like an extremely violent thunderbolt had exploded within the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body. Moreover, the thunderbolt force completely shattered the powerful demonic aura.
“You bastard!”
The three great heads of Yuan Gate released a sharp roar. Promptly, a fearsome glint flashed across their eyes. Following which, thunder began to rumble within the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body. Then, its large belly vibrated continuously as demonic aura charged towards Lin Dong.
“Attack, stop them!”
Little Marten quickly cried out sternly upon seeing this. After which, he took the lead and charged forward. Then, he clenched his fist before ten purple-black crescent moons appeared around him. After which, together with intense Reincarnation ripples, they whizzed ruthlessly towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
Roar!
Little Flame released a tiger roar. As he was already raring to go, he was even faster than Little Marten. Promptly, black and white light was released before his sharp tiger claws tore through the air and directly left deep and bloody scars on the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s black metal like body.
The Cosmic Evil Devil King was outraged as it immediately swung its devil totem pole and hit Little Flame’s body. A low and deep sound followed and the latter incurred serious injuries. Though fresh blood continued to flow, Little Flame showed no signs of retreating. Instead, black and white light crazily gathered on his tiger claws. After which, he ruthlessly swiped at the Cosmic Evil Devil King. It seemed like he wanted to rip the latter into pieces.
Boom boom boom!
A formidable purple-black crescent moon closely followed before it ruthlessly smashed onto the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body, leaving many deep and bloody scars. After which, fresh black blood rolled down.
As they were being disrupted by the Little Marten duo, the three great heads were unable to concentrate on dealing with Lin Dong. Instead, they had to turn their attention towards the Little Marten duo as well. Nonetheless, because they lost Lin Dong in the process, the Little Marten duo were immediately pushed into a disadvantage. Nevertheless, the both of them revealed their fearsome nature, as they continued to attack and hurt the Cosmic Evil Devil King even at the risk of incurring serious injuries. 
While the Little Marten duo were pestering the Cosmic Evil Devil King, the latter’s strength was gradually diminishing. This was because the demonic aura within its body was being rapidly purified by Lin Dong. As such, it was clearly a foolish decision for the three great heads of Yuan Gate to swallow Lin Dong. After all, the latter was full of divine objects which specialised in dealing with the Yimo. Therefore, by using these items, the demonic aura within the Cosmic Evil Devil King would be of little use against Lin Dong, regardless of how dense they were.
Boom!
As the Cosmic Evil Devil King began to weaken, the Little Marten duo used this opportunity to launch violent attacks. Their attacks ruthlessly landed on the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body. Following which, frightening strength came pouring down and they left a deep and bloody hole on the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s chest.
“Roar!”
After receiving such a heavy blow, despite its humongous body, the Cosmic Evil Devil King  instantly flew backwards. After which, it howled towards the sky before it spat out a black light. Finally, that black light gradually turned into a human figure, who stood in midair. He was Lin Dong, who was previously swallowed.
“Old dogs, now do you know just how tough this young master is?”
Currently, Lin Dong’s entire body was covered with wounds. In fact, there was even a trace of blood on the corner of his lips. Although he had turned the insides of the Cosmic Evil Devil King  upside down, he had clearly suffered significant injuries as well.
“Bastard. I will murder you!”
The three great heads of Yuan Gate roared furiously. That was because they realized that the internal injuries suffered by the Cosmic Evil Devil King were far more severe than those external ones caused by the all-out attacks from the Lin Dong trio previously. Crucially, the demonic aura within the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body had became extremely chaotic after being messed up by Lin Dong. This had undoubtedly weakened it.
If they knew that this was going to happen, there was no way that they would ever swallow that scourge!
Lin Dong stared at the three great heads of Yuan Gate, who were currently outraged, before a stern expression flashed across his eyes. After which, he slowly wiped off the blood on the corner of his lips before he sat down in midair.
“Little Marten, Little Flame, please protect me.”
Lin Dong gradually shut his eyes after his voice sounded. Then, he withdrew the mighty Yuan Power undulated over his body. As of now, he looked eerily calm.
The three great heads of Yuan Gate were startled when they saw this. Immediately, they felt uneasy in their hearts. After the big mess caused by Lin Dong previously, they no longer dared to underestimate this young man, who was forced by them to flee the Eastern Xuan Region like a homeless stray three years ago.
A fearsome glint flashed across their eyes before the Cosmic Evil Devil King roared. Then, the devil totem pole in its hand transformed into a black ray of light, before it penetrated through space and flew straight towards Lin Dong.
Swoosh!
However, a purple-black light rushed over just as the totem pole was a thousand feet away from Lin Dong. Then, Little Marten’s ten thousand feet large purple-black wings guarded Lin Dong like a wing shield, before he forcefully clashed against the totem pole.
A frightening energy assault wave spread. Immediately, Little Marten felt a sweet sensation rush up his throat, before he vomited a mouthful of blood. However, he forcefully stabilized his body before he blocked the ferocious attack from the Cosmic Evil Devil King .
Roar!
At this moment, Little Flame also released a wild roar. Following which, monstrous black and white light surged out from within his huge body. Soon after, his already large body swelled once again. Meanwhile, endless scarlet colour surged within his tiger eyes. Finally, his incomparably sharp tiger claws tore through space and wildly attacked the Cosmic Evil Devil King .
Bang bang!
Up against Little Flame’s maniacal attacks, the Cosmic Evil Devil King let out a stern roar. Then, it waved its arms. An earthshaking low and deep noise would sound every time a punch landed on Little Flame’s body. As the space vibrated, Little Flame’s black and white body was gradually dyed blood red.
Little Marten also had crimson eyes. Holding onto two large crescent blades, he flapped his bat wings before he zipped back on forth across the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body. Then, his crescent blades formed a shocking arc before he ruthlessly hacked the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body.
Boom boom!
The three parties fought in a chaotic fashion. Although Little Marten and Little Flame were constantly pushed away, they continued to charge forward in the blink of an eye. Their all-out attacks actually left the Cosmic Evil Devil King unable to move.
“Get lost!”
The Cosmic Evil Devil King roared sharply. Extending its devil arms, they penetrated through space before it used one arm to grab Little Marten’s bat wing, while the other grabbed Little Flame’s tiger hand. After which, it slammed the two of them together violently. Immediately, blood spluttered before the two of them flew backwards, leaving a hundred thousand feet large crack on the ground.
“I will kill all of you today!”
When the three great heads of Yuan Gate saw that their Cosmic Evil Devil King was covered with wounds, they became outraged while murderous desire surged into their hearts. They were just about to give chase when their expressions suddenly changed. Then, all of them quickly lifted their heads before they saw that Lin Dong was slowly opening his eyes. Following which, a black line of light appeared between his brows before it slowly split apart. Finally...a mysterious eye, with some lightning arcs crackling within its deep and dark pupil, appeared between Lin Dong’s brows.
When this mysterious eye filled with black light and lightning glow appeared, even the three great heads of Yuan Gate felt shocked in their hearts. Meanwhile, a rich sense of danger spread across their entire bodies.





 Chapter 1216: Ancestral Symbol Eye
Lin Dong sat in the air as a deep pitch-black hole like eye opened between his brows. A black hole seemed to be rotating inside the mysterious eye. Moreover, it also contained lightning, giving it an incomparably mysterious appearance.
The black hole was unfathomably deep and the lightning crazily berserk.
The two ancient and incomparably vigorous energies saturated the eye.
It was an Ancestral Symbol Eye formed from the power of two Ancestral Symbols!
“Lin Dong, although you control two Ancestral Symbols, the overwhelming might of an Ancestral Symbol Eye made from the power of the two is far too great and difficult to control. I’m afraid that the current you can barely activate this technique!” Yan hurriedly cried out when he sensed the fluctuation in Lin Dong’s body.
Normally speaking, one could only use the Ancestral Symbol Eye after attaining a certain exceedingly high level of mastery over the Ancestral Symbol. For example, the Devouring Master had unleashed the Devouring Eye and nearly managed to kill the extremely terrifying Ten Seat King. Of course, Lin Dong was also well aware that even though he had activated the Ancestral Symbol Eye, its strength could not match the Devouring Master’s. However, he did possess an advantage that the Devouring Master did not have. It was the additional Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol on top of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol.
The Devouring Eye of the Devouring Master contained extremely pure Devouring Power. This Ancestral Symbol Eye of Lin Dong’s, however, merged both the powers of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol and the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol. Although this made it very hard to control, its power would be relatively astonishing.
Lin Dong naturally understood this. However, the current situation no longer allowed Lin Dong to give any more consideration to this matter. The three great heads of Yuan Gate were no ordinary characters. Currently, the three of them had used a strange method to merge with the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Ordinary Reincarnation stage experts were no match against such power. The reason the three brothers could endure until now, was because of their many techniques. Despite this, Little Marten and Little Flame were seriously injured. If he did not unleash this trump card, the situation would likely become extremely dire.
This battle was just as intense as the one from three years ago. However, the Lin Dong trio were no longer only capable of escaping. They now possessed the trump cards and ability to turn the situation around.
Huu.
Lin Dong gently exhaled a breath of white air. His eyes glanced at the injury ridden Little Marten and Little Flame. At this moment, the both of them were still overflowing with ferocity. However, a trace of fatigue had appeared in their eyes. They had gone all-out in this brutal struggle against the three behemoths.
Despite this, none of them showed any signs of giving up. The three great heads of Yuan Gate were indeed very strong, but the Lin Dong trio refused to allow the scene from three years ago to repeat itself no matter what.
“I know.”
Yan ceased speaking after hearing Lin Dong’s calm and emotionless voice. He was aware of the latter’s character. No one could changed Lin Dong’s mind after the latter had made his decision.
“I am the big brother amongst us three brothers. I already allowed them to be wronged three years ago. If I am still unable to beat the three great heads this time, I really won’t have the face to continue being their big brother…”
Lin Dong smiled. After which, his eyes gradually became cold as they slowly turned towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King. The expressions on the three strange faces were currently changing as they stared at him. 
“Old dogs, it has been three years. It is time to repay your debts.” Lin Dong looked at the three great heads. The Ancestral Symbol Eye between his brows grew increasingly deeper as his complexion paled at an alarming speed.
“In your dreams!”
A deafening laughter was emitted from the three great heads. However, the expressions on their faces had become rather grave. They could feel the frightening and dangerous aura emanating from the eye between Lin Dong’s brows. Moreover, they were no longer at their peak condition. Lin Dong’s act of wreaking havoc in their body in addition to Little Marten and Little Flame’s desperate attacks had expanded a rather substantial amount of their energy.
Although they were not at their best, the three great heads still possess great self-confidence. They did not believe that they would actually lose to the Lin Dong trio in this extremely powerful combat form of theirs!
“Bang!”
Surging Demonic Qi crazily swept out from the body of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Many wild beast like roars were also emitted as the viscous Demonic Qi frantically gathered within the demonic hand of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. 
While the viscous Demonic Qi frantically converged, the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s body gradually shrunk. While it shrunk, an exceedingly frightening ripple began to scatter from its demonic palm.
The expressions in the eyes of the Little Marten duo changed when they sensed the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s actions. They could feel that these three great heads were also planning on using a trump card of their own.
Monstrous Demonic Qi churned. Compared to the wild and violent mannerism of the three great heads, Lin Dong appeared extremely calm. Not even the slightest Yuan Power fluctuation could be detected around his body.
Lin Dong extreme calmness caused one’s heart to leap.
Due to the great disturbance here, many pairs of eyes in distant chaotic battlegrounds involuntarily shifted over. Everyone present was well aware that the most critical fight was the one between the Lin Dong trio and the three great heads. The losing side would definitely be dealt a fatal blow.
“What terrifying Demonic Qi.”
The eyes of first elder Zhu Li, Liu Qing and the others hardened slightly while graveness filled their faces. They could feel just how frightening the attack of this Cosmic Evil Devil King was. If they were the ones in Lin Dong’s shoes, it would be impossible for them to stop such an attack.
“I wonder if Lin Dong will be able to receive that attack…” They looked to the opposite side of the monstrous Demonic Qi, where Lin Dong was quietly sitting in the air. Worry flashed across their hearts.
Bang.
After shrinking to a thousand feet in size, the Cosmic Evil Devil King finally stopped. Viscous Demonic Qi slowly flowed like a river on its demonic palm. Even space itself gradually collapsed under this viscous Demonic Qi river.
“Ha ha.”
The three great heads laughed towards the sky. Their laughter was filled with brutality. Murderous aura gathered into their eyes and an explosive cry suddenly reverberated across the sky.
“Ten Thousand Devil Hell River, Devil Erodes All Things!”
Rumble!
A loud rumbling sound suddenly emerged from the viscous Demonic Qi River. After which, it whizzed forward. It was accompanied by earthshaking Demonic Qi that crazily charged towards Lin Dong like a tsunami.
The land seemed to tear apart wherever the Demonic Qi River passed.
That momentum not only caused the expressions of the Little Marten duo to change. Even Ying Huanhuan and the others in the distance subconsciously tensed up.
Countless pairs of eyes gathered to this spot. The other battlegrounds appeared inconsequential at this moment. If Lin Dong was defeated at the hands of the three great heads, the situation would likely become extremely disadvantageous to them.
The Demonic Qi River surged. In the short span of several breaths, it was already on the verge of engulfing Lin Dong. The latter’s body suddenly shook slightly. Paleness began to spread on the latter’s face at a frightening pace, and even his hands began to turn white.
In contrast to this paleness that had invaded his body, the Ancestral Symbol Eye between his brows gradually became brighter and deeper.
“Ancestral Symbol Eye, Devil Purifying Light!”
A weak voice was softly emitted from Lin Dong’s lips. After which, his eyes were gradually shut, and the Ancestral Symbol Eye between his brows suddenly widened. A palm sized black ray of light stealthily shot out.
The ray of light and the mighty Demonic Qi River were like a firefly and the moon. However, it did not hesitate as it shot forth. In a flash, it had already penetrated the void and charged into the Demonic Qi River.
Bang!
The tremendous Demonic Qi River, that was moments away from crashing into Lin Dong’s body, suddenly froze at this moment. The water was only half a foot from Lin Dong’s face. However, it was unable to fall any further.
Buzz buzz.
A buzzing sound was emitted from within the Demonic Qi River. After which, everyone felt a strange ripple emerge from within the Demonic Qi River. The mighty Demonic Qi River immediately melted away at an astonishing speed, while the incomparably evil Demonic Qi scattered in all directions.
In a short few seconds, the Demonic Qi River, which even a Reincarnation stage expert could not block, had strangely disappeared.
“How is this possible?!” The original brutal faces of the three great heads turned rigid at this moment. Shock and disbelief bubbled in their eyes as they watched this scene. 
Swoosh!
A tiny ray of light shot out from where the Demonic Qi River had faded and headed straight for the Cosmic Evil Devil King in front of their stunned eyes.
Terror surged in the eyes of the three great heads when they saw the ray of light rushing towards them. After witnessing just how terrifying this thing was earlier, they clearly did not dare to ignore it.
Roar!
The Cosmic Evil Devil King roared towards the sky. At the same time, the Demonic Qi totem in its hand furiously smashed towards the tiny ray of light.
Sizzle!
The light ray hit the Demonic Qi totem. Many cracks immediately began to spread on it. In an instant, the totem pillar, which contained majestic Demonic Qi, burst apart. 
The ray of light continued its charge forward like a hot knife through butter. In the end, it shot into the huge body of the Cosmic Evil Devil King in front of the startled eyes of the three great heads.
In the sky, the deathly pale Lin Dong slowly opened his eyes. The Ancestral Symbol Eye between his brows quickly disappeared. He looked at the terror-filled faces of the three great heads as a faint smile surfaced on his face.
“You have lost.”
Many bright cracks suddenly appeared on the huge body of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. After which, radiance burst out from the cracks.
The three great heads had horrified expressions. They watched as Lin Dong slowly lifted his hand and lightly clenched it.
Bang!
The titanic body of the Cosmic Evil Devil King suddenly exploded the moment Lin Dong’s hand was clenched!
Demonic Qi pervaded the sky, while the miserable screeches of the three great heads resounded within this Demonic Qi world.





 Chapter 1217: Killing the Three Great Heads
A dazzling radiance akin to the scorching sun erupted from the spot where the Cosmic Evil Devil King exploded. The surrounding overflowing Demonic Qi immediately melted away at an astonishing speed like snow that had touched lava.
The radiance lasted for over a dozen minutes before gradually fading. After which, countless anxious eyes hurriedly shot over.
Only half of the huge devil’s body remained on the ground. Black devil blood flowed from it, emitting a faint stench in the process.
The originally incomparably strong Cosmic Evil Devil King was completely lifeless at this moment.
“We won?” The countless powerful individuals from the Yuan Exterminating Alliance in the distance were initially started before an earthshaking cheer erupted.
The nearby Little Marten duo also wore startled expressions. Light flickered around their bodies as they began to turn back to their original forms. However, their eyes were filled with caution as they stared at the Cosmic Evil Devil King’s corpse.
Grug.
In the sky, Lin Dong suddenly threw up a mouthful of blood, and his already pale face became even paler. His aura was extremely weak.
“Big brother?” The Little Marten duo hurried over upon seeing this. Little Flame grabbed Lin Dong and repeatedly cried out with a voice that was full of worry.
Lin Dong shook his head slightly. His pitch- black eyes were glued to the unmoving devil corpse. Subsequently, both of his eyes narrowed a little.
This action were inconspicuous, but it was still captured in Little Marten’s eyes. The latter understood Lin Dong well. Immediately, Little Marten’s eyes tightened. Dense energy ripples were once again emitted from his body as he protected Lin Dong behind him.
“Second brother?” Little Flame was slightly startled.
“These three old dogs are not completely dead yet.” Lin Dong was exceptionally weak, and even his voice had become rather hoarse. This was the first time he had pushed himself to such a state after obtaining the Devouring Master’s inheritance.
Little Flame’s expression changed drastically upon hearing this, as his body suddenly tensed.
“But they are not far from that final step.” Lin Dong patted Little Flame’s shoulder. After which, he looked at the Cosmic Evil Devil King corpse below with a sneer in his eyes and said, “Why? Weren’t you very impressive earlier? To think that you would actually play such tricks now. Aren’t you afraid of losing all the face of you three Yuan Gate behemoths?”
There was no reaction from the devil corpse. Not even the slightest ripple was emitted.
The sneer in Lin Dong’s eyes grew even wider upon seeing this as he gently waved his hand.
“Buzz.”
Little Marten also laughed coldly and made a grasping motion with both of his hands. Purple-black light condensed into a huge purple-black crescent in front of him. With a flick of his finger, the crescent penetrated through the void and ruthlessly dashed towards the devil corpse.
Swoosh!
Just as the crescent was about to strike devil corpse, a flash of black light finally shot out from within and sent it flying. As the crescent was blown away, the black light turned into three human figures. They were the three great heads of Yuan Gate. However, their expressions were even paler than Lin Dong’s. Their eyes were dull gray and their auras were extremely frail.
The three great heads looked at the Lin Dong trio in the sky above with steely green faces, while their eyes rapidly flickered.
“Three old dogs. To think that the esteemed three great heads of Yuan Gate will also learn to play dead like a dog.” Little Marten looked at the three of them and ridiculed. His tone was extremely harsh.
The faces of the three great heads twitched as they venomously stared at the trio. In the next moment, their bodies moved and they turned into black light which shot towards the ground. From the looks of it, they were trying to escape.
“Trying to flee?”
However, Little Marten merely sneered in response to their actions. He stomped his foot and purple-black light swept across the surface of the ground, sending the three of them bouncing back.
At this moment, the strength of the three great heads had clearly declined. They were unable to even contend against even Little Marten.
Buzz.
The three great heads were bounced back. Before they could do anything else, Lin Dong waved his hand and an ancient stone tablet whizzed forth. The tablet expended and turned into a huge stone tablet that was tens of thousands of feet in size.
The stone tablet floated in the sky. After which, a clear buzzing exploded from it. Light gathered at the bottom of the tablet and turned into an ancient formation that violently suppressed the three great heads.
“Ah!”
Under the light of the Great Desolate Tablet, the three great heads felt an intense pain in their bodies as if they were pincushions that was being pierced by countless needles, causing them to shriek. They looked at the descending Great Desolate Tablet as fear surfaced in their eyes. They knew that they would really die if they were crushed by the Great Desolate Tablet.
“Lin Dong, do you truly believe that the three of us do not have a final trump card? Must you really take things so far?” Tian Yuanzi’s expression was volatile as he sternly cried out.
Lin Dong had an indifferent expression. He was completely unaffected. The rate at which the Great Desolate Tablet was suppressing the three became increasingly quick.
“Fine. Bastard, since you wish to destroy the three of us, everyone here shall accompany us to the grave!” Savage expressions rose in the Tian Yuanzi trio’s eyes after seeing that Lin Dong did not intend to show any mercy at all. They exchanged glances and violently clenched their teeth.
“In that case, let all of us die here!”
The Tian Yuanzi trio suddenly pressed their palms against each other as each spat out a mouthful of black blood. After which, their eyes swiftly dimmed as their bodies swelled at a frightening speed.
“Quickly withdraw.”
Lin Dong shouted in an alarmed voice when he saw this.
“Tsk tsk, it’s too late. All of you shall die!”
Ferocious expressions surfaced on the faces of the Tian Yuanzi trio. Soon after, black liquid flowed out on the surface of their bodies and they ultimately self-destructed with a ‘bang’.
Bang!
Indescribable Demonic Qi crazily unfurled from the bodies of the three. Everything within a ten thousand feet radius was instantly flattened. Little Marten and Little Flame spat out a mouthful of fresh blood as their bodies catapulted backwards.
Lin Dong shook his sleeve at the critical moment. The Mysterious Divine Palace appeared and surrounded him. However, the Demonic Qi assault was far too frightening. The Mysterious Divine Palace did not last for long and rapidly dimmed under its power. Finally, it returned to Lin Dong’s body.
Lin Dong was immediately exposed to the Demonic Qi assault when the Mysterious Divine Palace disappeared. At his current condition, he was no longer able to withstand such an attack. All he could do was to clench his teeth and forcefully maneuver the Yuan Power in his body to block the attack.
Swoosh!
However, he suddenly felt an icy aura wrap around him just as he prepared to forcibly resist. A slender and cool hand gently embraced his waist and his body shot backwards.
Wind rushed by Lin Dong’s ear. He opened his eyes and saw long ice blue hair drifting in front of his eyes. Ying Huanhuan held him with one arm while her other hand swiftly formed many seals. A frightening chill swept out from her palm and turned into many large ice shields in front of them.
Bang bang!
However, the ice shields were shattered by the Demonic Qi assault the moment they were formed. Nevertheless even more ice shields were created. This resulted in the air being filled with sounds of ice shields being shattered. In the meantime, Ying Huanhuan retreated with Lin Dong, dodging the attack of the Demonic Qi.
However, it was evident that the shock wave from the self-destruction of three Reincarnation stage experts had far exceeded Lin Dong’s expectations. Even though Ying Huanhuan had intervened, the Demonic Qi assault still very quickly caught up to them.
“Move aside!”
A cold shout suddenly sounded from behind just as the Demonic Qi assault wave was about to catch up to the both of them. Ying Huanhuan hesitated briefly upon hearing this, but she quickly grabbed Lin Dong and moved to the side.
A stunning white clothed figure rushed over from behind as they moved out of the way. First elder Zhu Li, Liu Qing and many experts followed closely behind. Frightening Yuan Power surged and formed a ten thousand feet large Yuan Power light curtain in front of them.
Bang!
Demonic Qi was like a torrent that smashed heavily onto the Yuan Power light curtain, causing the latter to shake violently. The faces of many experts paled. Subsequently, an explosive cry sounded as vast and mighty Yuan Power surged out.
Boom boom boom!
Demonic Qi continued to batter the Yuan Power light curtain. Although the light curtain continued to shake, the combined strength of the many experts finally managed to block the assault wave.
Everyone sighed in relief after the Demonic Qi assault gradually weakened and the Yuan Power light curtain slowly disappeared.
“Are you alright?”
Ying Huanhuan hurriedly looked at Lin Dong after the danger was resolved. The latter’s ashen face caused her voice to possess an additional trace of anxiety.
Ling Qingzhu and the others gathered around Lin Dong. Their eyes were somewhat worried.
“I’m fine. I just a little exhausted.” Lin Dong smiled and shook his head. His ashen face and weak body however, was unconvincing. Everyone usually saw him as an unkillable cockroach. No one had ever seen him in such a weak state.
The blood covered Little Marten duo hurried over from afar. They sighed in relief after seeing that Lin Dong was rescued. Little Flame wiped off the blood on his face and surveyed the area before he said, “Are those three old dogs completely dead?”
Lin Dong also wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth. He frowned as he looked at the Demonic Qi world. He was just about to speak when a ferocious loud laughter resounded over the sky.
“Ha ha, it is too early for all of you to be happy. Although the three of us have self-destructed, the Demonic Qi has already completed the Demon Feast World. Ha ha, this is a world of Demonic Qi from now onwards, and all of you can forget about escaping. Obediently stay here and allow the Demonic Qi to erode all of you!”
That ferocious laughter echoed and gradually disappeared. After which, the auras of the three great heads of Yuan Gate finally vanished completely.
The expressions of Lin Dong’s group slightly changed upon hearing the vicious words left behind by the trio before they died. The group hurriedly turned their heads and saw that the demonic corpses fall one after another from the sky. Waves of Demonic Qi surged from their bodies and started to spread.
“Look above you.”
A grave expression surfaced on Ying Huanhuan’s face as she softly said.
Lin Dong hurriedly lifted his head upon hearing this. A thick Demonic Qi light barrier, which one could not see through, extended in the sky. Subsequently, the entire place was covered by it.
It was also possible to see countless strange demonic symbols wiggling on the Demonic Qi light barrier. This light barrier seemed to have cut off all connection between this place and the outside world.
Everyone’s faces gradually paled when they saw this scene.





 Chapter 1218: Two Ladies Joining Forces
A thick Demonic Qi light barrier covered the sky as it descended from a great distance away. It looked just like an inverted bowl and it covered everyone within.
When the crowd saw the Demonic Qi ripples within the light barrier, their faces all paled slightly. That was because they realized that after the Tian Yuanzi trio self-destructed and in addition to the countless disintegrated devil corpses, this part of the world seemed to have turned into a miniature Demonic Qi world.
Moreover, it seemed like there were no openings in this demonic world.
The originally chaotic and violent battlefield became silent instantly. Meanwhile, those bloodthirsty devil corpses had all vanished. Standing in the sky, the experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance faced each other, before they turned to look somewhat anxiously at the demonic light barrier in the sky. Following which, a commotion slowly spread.
“What should we do now?” Ying Xiaoxiao looked at the growing commotion, before she frowned and softly asked.
“The Demonic Qi here is extremely dense. Given our strength, we can still withstand it. However, most ordinary experts cannot stay for too long. Or else, they will eventually be corrupted by the Demonic Qi.” Ying Xuanzi said.
“The three great heads of Yuan Gate are quite capable indeed. My Celestial Demon Marten tribe fought with them in the past. However, at that time, they had to band together with many super sects in the Eastern Xuan Region in order to fight with us. Unexpectedly, they became so powerful now.” First elder Zhu Li sighed in a somewhat emotional manner as he said.
“This was only because they borrowed the strength of the Yimo. However, such a method will eventually destroy themselves.” Lin Dong said with a pale face. As he stared at the incomparably thick demonic light barrier, he said, “We must find a way to break it.”
“I will do it! Let me see just how powerful the darned Devil Feast World is.”
Liu Qing parted his lips into a smile before his eyes became stern. Following which, green light surged around him, before thousands of green dragon light tattoos rose around him. After which, he let out a deep cry and transformed into an enormous green dragon. Finally, he whizzed forward and violently slammed against the demonic light barrier.
Bang!
A circular green light spread and a ripple undulated across the light barrier. However, it gradually calmed down. It turns out that Liu Qing’s formidable attack was completely ineffective.
Everyone’s pupils hardened upon seeing this. Following which, a grave expression appeared on Liu Qing’s face before he quickly shook his head and remarked in a deep voice, “It is very powerful indeed.”
Even someone as arrogant as him had no choice but to admit that the Devil Feast World was very powerful. As such, one could easily tell how tricky the current situation was.
Lin Dong frowned tightly. Currently, he was in a weakened state and was clearly unable to do anything. Moreover, his surroundings were filled with Demonic Qi. Hence, even though he possessed the Devouring Ancestral Symbol, it was impossible for him to absorb all the Demonic Qi here. Therefore, his recovery rate was greatly diminished.
“Sect master Ying, young brother Lin Dong, what should we do now?” The sect master of Blade Sect, Mo Jian, and some other experts rushed over. They cupped their hands towards Lin Dong. After witnessing Lin Dong’s frightening strength, it was obvious that they did not dare to act disrespectfully towards the latter.
“Why don’t we gather everyone and combine our forces to break the Devil Feast World?” Ying Xiaoxiao suggested.
“No. I’m afraid that Yuan Gate had already made advance preparations in this area. Moreover, the three great heads of Yuan Gate self-destructed, causing the Demonic Qi in this area to fall into a never-ending cycle of circulation.”
“Although there are many of us, we are all extremely disorganized. Trying to break the Devil Feast World forcefully would only cause our Yuan Power to be assimilated by the Demonic Qi, allowing the Demonic Qi here to become denser.” Ying Huanhuan shook her head and said, “It’s best to break the Devil Feast World using as few people as possible.”
“However, if it’s only a few of us… how can we possibly break the Devil Feast World? Moreover, it is obvious that Lin Dong cannot help now.” Ying Xuanzi sighed before he said.
Everyone became quiet. Even Liu Qing’s attack was hardly effective. Moreover, who else here besides Lin Dong could surpass Liu Qing?
“I will do it.”
Amidst the silence, the voices of two ladies suddenly sounded simultaneously. Everyone turned to look, only to realize that the ones who had spoken were actually Ling Qingzhu and Ying Huanhuan.
Ying Huanhuan was momentarily startled after she heard Ling Qingzhu’s words. Then, she said in a faint voice, “Although you have advanced to the Samsara stage, with your current strength, there is little you can do to the Devil Feast World.”
“We shouldn’t judge a book by its cover, don’t you agree?” Ling Qingzhu looked at Ying Huanhuan similarly pretty icy face before she said.
Ying Huanhuan frowned slightly, while her icy blue eyes stared back at Ling Qingzhu. Clearly, she did not trust the latter.
Everyone was stunned when they saw the two ladies’ conduct. Soon after, they cast a strange glance at Lin Dong. However, they did not say anything.
“Cough.”
After being subjected to strange stares from the crowd, Lin Dong could only cough softly. Then, he said, “The both of you should attack together. Perhaps, you guys will have a better chance of success.”
Ying Huanhuan finally averted her pretty eyes after she heard Lin Dong’s words. After which, she said, “I will go first. You can help depending on the situation.”
Ling Qingzhu had a cool demeanor and did not like to compete with others. In fact, she only stepped forward today owing to the gravity of the situation. Hence, she did not say anything more after she saw Ying Huanhuan giving in. Instead, she merely nodded her head gently.
Ying Huanhuan took a couple of steps gently and slowly walked forward. Soon after, a frightening cold aura was emitted from within her body. Following which, the surrounding air agglomerated into icy flowers before they drifted downwards.
Cold aura was circling around her body. After which, Ying Huanhuan slowly shut her eyes. Everyone could see her icy blue long hair gradually becoming longer after she did so. Moreover, that icy blue color was becoming increasingly intense.
Her icy blue long hair was drifting behind her back. Looking from afar, it resembled an icy blue waterfall. Meanwhile, her beauty was accompanied by a bone chilling iciness.
Behind her, when Lin Dong saw the icy blue long hair growing on Ying Huanhuan’s head, he involuntarily clenched his fist.
“Eternal Ice Seal Halberd.”
A clear lovely voice, which was filled with endless chill, suddenly sounded. Following which, Ying Huanhuan suddenly opened her pretty eyes before she used her delicate finger to draw a mysterious ice symbol. After which, icy blue light surged before a dazzling cold ice halberd swiftly formed in front of her. Meanwhile, that ice halberd was covered with mysterious symbols.
Swoosh!
The surrounding temperature immediately dropped after the ice halberd appeared. After which, Ying Huanhuan gently bit the tip of her tongue before a drop of essence blood landed onto her ice halberd. Immediately, the color of that ice halberd changed from icy blue to dark red. Meanwhile, a formidable sharp icy chill spread.
“Go!”
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty pupils hardened. With a cold cry, her dark red ice halberd shot forward abruptly. Following which, wild gales spread, scattering her long icy blue hair and causing them to dance in the wind. At this moment, her delicate figure was just like a pretty blossoming flower and she looked extremely dazzling.
Swoosh!
The dark red ice halberd easily tore through many layers of Demonic Qi. Finally, it collided violently against the demonic light barrier. Immediately, a frightening chill spread before the overbearing cold aura instantly froze the Demonic Qi, which was surging over.
Crack.
A small crack suddenly appeared on the demonic light barrier. However, at the same time, a crack also appeared on that huge dark red ice halberd. 
The two cracks continued to grow. However, it was clear that the crack on the ice halberd was growing at a faster pace.
In less than a dozen breaths, the crack on the demonic light barrier was already hundreds of feet. However, just as the thick demonic light barrier was about to break, that dark red ice halberd shattered with a loud ‘bang’. 
Immediately, Ying Huanhuan emitted a soft moan before a trace of blood seeped out from her lips. After which, her body shook before she flew backwards. Standing behind her, Lin Dong immediately rushed forward upon seeing this. Then, he grabbed her delicate soft waist before he supported her.
“Swoosh!
Beside him, Ling Qingzhu rushed forward the instant Lin Dong moved. Her legs gently tapped against the empty space. Following which, she clenched her hand before a longsword appeared in a flash.
With that longsword in her jade like hands, she retracted the aura undulated on her entire body. Following which, an extremely obscure light was suddenly emitted above her head. Meanwhile, an indescribable fluctuation spread quietly.
“Is this…” The moment that light was emitted, Lin Dong clearly heard Yan exclaim in shock.
“What is it?” Lin Dong quickly asked. However, Yan had suddenly descended into silence. In fact, only the gentle vibrations from the Ancestor Stone proved that there were indeed ripples within Yan’s heart.
Although he had his doubts, Lin Dong knew that now was not the time for questions. Hence, he quickly turned his attention towards Ling Qingzhu. Currently, she was holding a longsword in her hand, before she suddenly pierced forward gently.
There wasn’t overly majestic Yuan Power undulated on her sword. However, it was covered by a mysterious thin layer of light. Nonetheless, that light even caused Lin Dong to feel a prickling chill on his skin.
 
That sword pierced forward before an inconspicuous sword glow shot forward. Then, it penetrated through space before it gently landed on the crack that Ying Huanhuan had created previously.
In the next instant, the sword glow and monstrous Demonic Qi faced off. After which, everyone heard a ‘puff’ sound, before the glowing sword penetrated the Demonic Qi and stabbed through the crack on the demonic light barrier.
A ray of sunlight penetrated the crack and shone down. After which, Yuan Power from the outside world surged in and immediately disrupted the cycle within the Devil Feast World. Following which, densely packed crack lines began to spread all across the light barrier, before it finally exploded with a loud ‘bang’. 
 
Warm sunlight once again descended from all directions. When everyone saw the sunlight in front of them and the lush greenery in the distance, they involuntarily erupted with joy. After all, they knew that they had just survived a massive tribulation.
They had finally won this fight.
Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath of air. Meanwhile, he began to circulate the Devouring Power within his body. When he sensed that incoming natural Yuan Power, a relieved smile appeared on his face.
“It’s finally over…” Ying Xuanzi involuntarily smiled. Yuan Gate was finally destroyed and the war in the Eastern Xuan Region had finally came to an end.
The other experts from the Eastern Xuan Region were all extremely excited. After all, now that Yuan Gate was destroyed, they had finally gotten their revenge. Moreover, they could now continue to live in this region.
A pale color appeared on Ling Qingzhu’s gorgeous face. After which, she glanced at Ying Huanhuan, who was now being embraced by Lin Dong. Then, she lowered her head before she slowly inserted her longsword back into its scabbard.
“Are the both of you alright?” Lin Dong had sharp eyes. Hence, he quickly asked in a worried tone after he saw the pale expression on Ling Qingzhu’s face.
Ling Qingzhu and Ying Huanhuan both shook their heads. They were just about to speak when their pretty eyes hardened. Meanwhile, Lin Dong’s expression also changed at the same time. He slowly turned his head before he cast his attention towards a distant mountain top. There was a black figure standing at that spot like a statue, with his hands behind his back. He gave off no aura and it was completely impossible to detect him. However, his body did exist at that spot. Hence, this strange sensation caused the expressions of Lin Dong’s group to turn grave.
“Haha, a trap that was set up over so many years was actually destroyed in this manner… What a waste.”
The black figure looked at Lin Dong’s group. After which, his eyes paused on Ying Huanhuan before he smiled gently and asked, “Ice Master, it has been tens of thousands of years since we last met. How are you?”





 Chapter 1219: Fourth Seat King 
That black figure’s faint laughter spread across the sky. Though his voice was soft, it managed to overwhelm the cheers from countless experts.
Hence, their cheers came to a halt immediately.
Many pairs of shocked eyes turned to look at that black figure, who was standing on a mountain top. After which, countless experts began to circulate the Yuan Power within their bodies, while caution filled their eyes.
“May I know who you are?” Ying Xuanzi stared at that mountain top before he asked in a solemn voice.
Lin Dong was also staring intently at that black figure. Following which, he involuntarily clenched his hand. Judging by his previous words, it was obvious that he was a Yimo. Moreover, he likely possessed a high status.
Ying Huanhuan’s eyes were icy cold. She said in a chilly voice, “A secretive coward. You must be a shady person.”
First elder Zhu Li and the rest began to gather around them. After which, all of them stared cautiously at that mysterious black figure.
“Haha.”
That black figure smiled. After which, he slowly lifted his head. Thanks to the illumination from the sunlight, an exceptionally pale and youthful face appeared. However, his face looked exceptionally feminine. Meanwhile, his long eyes were completely pitch black and they looked like the bottom of a dark and evil deep abyss.
At the same time, there was a brown devil symbol between this young man’s brows and that devil symbol extended to the corner of his eyelids. It made him look a little more ghastly.
“Oh yes, I forgot. The current you does not know who I am. Haha, let me introduce myself. Devil Prison, Fourth Seat King…” That person smiled before he said.
“Fourth Seat King?”
Lin Dong’s pupils shrunk before his expression turned grave. After which, he grabbed Ying Huanhuan and pulled her behind him. Meanwhile, he continued to stare intently at that black figure. He had previously encountered the Devil Prison Tenth Seat King in the shattered space and the latter’s frightening strength made a deep impression on him. Henceforth, since the person standing in front of him was ranked even higher than the Tenth Seat King, it was likely that he must be exceedingly powerful as well. 
“Haha. Initially, I thought that Tian Yuanzi’s group would be able to finish off all of you. Unexpectedly… Sigh, trash will always be trash. To think that our Devil Prison actually spent so much effort on them.” The Fourth Seat King smilingly said.
Lin Dong stood emotionless while Devouring Power circulated rapidly within his body. After which, he devoured the surrounding Yuan Power and swiftly refined them.
“Are you Lin Dong? It is rumoured that you have obtained the inheritance of the Devouring Master… In that case, Tian Yuanzi’s group did not die in vain. After all, even at my prime, I could not defeat the Devouring Master. Hence, his heir must be no simple individual as well.”
The Fourth Seat King turned his attention towards Lin Dong. Then, he gave a faint smile before he said, “Are you trying to recover quickly so that you can fight me?”
Lin Dong smiled faintly and said, “Did you come all the way here just to spew nonsense?”
“Haha, I was indeed planning on getting rid of some threats. This is especially the case since I was able to meet the Ice Master reincarnator. How fortunate. If I kill you here, I believe that there will be no need for the second world war, am I right?” The Fourth Seat King looked at Ying Huanhuan before he said with a grin.
“Why don’t you come and give it a try?” Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face was icy cold. Meanwhile, a murderous glint flashed across her beautiful eyes.
“If you were the real Ice Master, I would have fled already. Unfortunately…” The Fourth Seat King shook his head and spoke regretfully.
Lin Dong stared at the Fourth Seat King. A black glow suddenly surged in his eyes before the world that he saw became slightly altered. However, the body of the Fourth Seat King seemed a little blurry.
“Huh?”
The instant Lin Dong detected this anomaly, a tinge of shock flashed across the eyes of the Fourth Seat King. He stared at Lin Dong and laughed, “You caught me. It’s no wonder the Tian Yuanzi trio were defeated by you.”
“That is not his actual body.”
Lin Dong glanced at the Fourth Seat King, before he secretly sighed in relief. The Fourth Seat King in front of them was not his actual body. Instead, this fellow was actually able to create such a powerful avatar despite being at an unknown distant land. His strength was truly frightening.
“Although this is merely a devil body avatar, it’s more than enough to deal with all of you.” As if he was aware of Lin Dong’s thoughts, the Fourth Seat King shook his head before he said.
Lin Dong chuckled before he stared at the Fourth Seat King and said, “There is no need to put on a brave front. The reason why you Yimo have been hiding in this world is because you guys are afraid of something. Otherwise, given your characters, you people would have came forward and took over the entire world already.”
“The reason why you do not dare to reveal your actual body is likely because you are afraid of something. Let me guess. You are afraid of the other Ancient Masters, am I right?”
The smile on the Fourth Seat King’s face seemingly froze for a moment. Then, he stared at Lin Dong before he softly said, “What a clever man...”
“However… what can you do even if you know about it? It is not a difficult task for me to kill all of you now. Moreover, those fellows are all in a slumber. Hence, who is going to find out about what is going on here?”
The Fourth Seat King stared sadistically at Lin Dong. Meanwhile, icy cold murderous desire slowly flowed within his eyes.
“It’s too easy to sense a powerful demonic aura like yours… If you really dare to act openly, why would you need to spend so much effort to groom Yuan Gate?” Lin Dong smiled faintly and said.
“It is just that I want to see humans kill each other and enjoy the show.”
The Fourth Seat King slowly lowered his hands. His indifferent eyes looked at Lin Dong before he said, “Alright, let’s stop spewing nonsense. Since you are so confident in yourself, let’s give it a try.”
“Great Desolation Scripture!”
Lin Dong’s foot suddenly stomped on the ground after his voice sounded. Then, a mysterious ripple spread before the land began to tremble violently. After which, mighty energy surged before they continuously poured into Lin Dong’s body.
“What a cunning little brat.”
The Fourth Seat King involuntarily smiled when he saw Lin Dong’s decisive move. However, his smile was filled with murderous desire. The reason why Lin Dong spoke with the former was because he wanted to buy time to regain his strength and prepare his attack.
“However, this will only strengthen my desire to kill you!”
After the Fourth Seat King’s voice sounded, his body had already appeared at a short distance away from Lin Dong. Meanwhile, his body was just like a wisp of black smoke.
“Kill him!”
After he approached, countless experts from the Yuan Destruction Alliance roared out in anger. Soon after, earth shaking Yuan Power attacks came whistling forward before they enveloped the Fourth Seat King.
Swoosh.
However, the Fourth Seat King’s body was just like a phantom as he directly drifted past the attacks, that permeated the sky. In fact, not a single attack managed to touch him.
Just as the Fourth Seat King penetrated through the many attacks in the sky, monstrous chilling aura suddenly spread. Following which, Ying Huanhuan suddenly formed a seal with her delicate hands, before cold aura quickly agglomerated into ice and snow. Then, they flew towards that figure with lightning like speed. In a short instant, that figure was turned into a ice statue. 
“Be careful!”
After that ice statue was formed, a cold cry suddenly sounded from behind Ying Huanhuan. After which, a sword glow erupted before it ruthlessly pierced the empty space in front of her.
Clang!
When that sword glow hit the empty space, a metallic sound sounded. Sparks flew before a figure appeared in a phantom like fashion. It was the Fourth Seat King. At this moment, he was using two fingers to pinch the tip of a sword. Then, he gently smiled at Ying Huanhuan and Ling Qingzhu.
Rumble!
All of a sudden, light covered the sky. Promptly, the Fourth Seat King gently frowned. Lifting his head, he suddenly realized that an extremely huge and complicated formation had unknowingly appeared in the sky.
“Is that… the Ancient Universe Formation?” The Fourth Seat King looked at this somewhat familiar looking ancient formation, before his pupils hardened.
At this moment, vast and mighty Yuan Power and Mental Energy swept out from within Lin Dong’s body. Finally, they poured into the Ancient Universe Formation. Immediately, that formation rotated before a light pillar shot downwards and headed straight towards the Fourth Seat King.
The light pillar streaked across the world instantly. When he saw this attack, the Fourth Seat King hesitated for a moment, before he immediately turned around and pulled back.
Swoosh!
Though that light pillar missed, it did not disappear. Instead, with a sharp turn, it once again went after the Fourth Seat King.
“Humph.”
When he saw that the attack refused to give up, the Fourth Seat King let out a cold snort. Then, he gently placed his hands together, before he suddenly pulled them apart. Immediately, a enormous black light shield was formed.
Bang!
The light pillar ruthlessly smashed against the black light shield. Immediately, frightening assault waves spread, causing the ground below to collapse. 
The Fourth Seat King took a few steps back quickly before he finally came to a halt. Then, with an indifferent expression, he stared back at Lin Dong, who was currently staring at him. Finally, a faint smile appeared. Meanwhile, viscous seemingly solidified demonic aura slowly surged on his palm.
“You still have tricks up your sleeves even after experiencing that intense fight. You are quite capable indeed.”
“Nonetheless… despite so, you will not be able to change today’s outcome.”
The Fourth Seat King once again charged forward after his words sounded. This time around, he headed straight towards Lin Dong. Meanwhile, the murderous desire in his heart caused one to shudder.
Lin Dong stared at the Fourth Seat King, who was rushing towards him. With a wave of his sleeve, a black figure also charged forward. After which, a black long blade slashed downwards furiously. Moreover, that blade glow seemingly cut through the empty space.
That blade glow was extremely powerful and even the Fourth Seat King felt so. However, what took Lin Dong by surprise was that he did not dodge. Instead, he allowed that black blade to fall before it subsequently penetrated his body.
Lin Dong’s eyes shrunk abruptly upon seeing this scene. Suddenly, he shouted, “Huanhuan, be careful!”
Lin Dong turned around after he cried out loud. After which, he saw that the Fourth Seat King had appeared in front of Ying Huanhuan in a phantom like fashion. It turns out that he was after Ying Huanhuan all along.
“Haha, you are not that important compared to the Ice Master.”
The Fourth Seat King ridiculed Lin Dong. After which, his hand suddenly reached towards Ying Huanhuan.
With a dark and cold expression, a thought passed through Lin Dong’s mind before a sharp light pillar came rushing down from the Ancient Universe Formation and headed straight towards the Fourth Seat King.
“Bang!”
However, the instant Lin Dong made a move, the land beneath Ying Huanhuan collapsed. Following which, before Lin Dong’s light pillar could reach her, a lava fire pillar erupted from the ground and stood in front of Ying Huanhuan.
The Fourth Seat King’s palm landed onto that lava fire pillar. Immediately, his palm turned red. After which, his expression changed drastically, before his body moved as he tried to retreat.
Boom!
However, the moment the Fourth Seat King pulled back, a hand covered with lava shot out from within that lava fire pillar. After which, it ruthlessly slammed against his chest.
The Fourth Seat King flew backwards. He staggered rapidly on the empty space before he finally stabilized his body. Then, with gloomy eyes, he stared at that lava fire pillar.
“What?”
This lava fire pillar, which appeared out of nowhere, also caught Lin Dong and the rest by surprise. After which, they stared at the fire pillar. As the lava fire pillar gradually died down, a tall figure slowly appeared in front of everyone’s eyes. 
He was a fairly tall man and he was wearing golden robes. His hair was fiery red in colour and they looked like flowing lava. Meanwhile, just his presence alone caused the temperature in this part of the world to rise.
Lin Dong looked at this figure, before he suddenly focused his eyes. After all, he was a little familiar looking...
Amidst stares from the crowd, that red haired man slowly turned his head around. Immediately, a youthful, handsome yet stern looking face was revealed. At this moment, he did not look at anyone else. Instead, he merely looked at Ying Huanhuan, who was standing behind him. After which, warmth surfaced in his eyes before he gently smiled and said, “Little junior sister.”





 Chapter 1220: Flame Master
The red haired man stood in front of Ying Huanhuan. His golden robes was noble looking, while his handsome face appeared warm and gentle. Meanwhile, when he stared at Ying Huanhuan, a warm ripple rose within his eyes.
Ying Huanhuan felt a little uneasy at the manner in which that man was staring at her. Promptly, she took two steps back before she glanced quizzically at him and asked, “Who are you?”
The red haired man was startled. However, he quickly recovered and laughed, “Little junior sister has yet to fully awaken.”
When he mentioned this point, he paused before he continued, “I am the Flame Master.”
After he spoke, other than Lin Dong, everyone’s expression changed. Following which, many pairs of eyes were filled with shock as they turned to stare at that red haired man.
Flame Master? One of the eight legendary Ancient Masters?
To most people here, the name Flame Master merely existed in legends. Therefore, they had only read from some ancient texts that described how powerful this top-tier expert from the ancient times was.
During that ancient great world war, countless Yimo would immediately shudder in fear upon hearing his name. However, this legendary top expert had currently showed up in person in front of them. Hence, how could they possibly remain calm?
“Flame Master?” Ying Huanhuan was startled upon hearing this name. Then, she used her pretty eyes to glance at him before she took another two steps back. Finally, she shook her head and said, “I am Ying Huanhuan, not the Ice Master.”
“You will be sooner or later.” The Flame Master smiled nonchalantly before he said.
When she heard his words, a cold aura surged onto Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face. However, even before she could speak, a human figure had already walked over from behind before he stood in front of her.
“The Flame Master has arrived. It has been a long while since we met.”
Lin Dong looked at that somewhat familiar figure standing in front of him, before a smile appeared on his face. After all, he was loosely acquainted with the Flame Master. Back when he first entered the Chaotic Demon Sea, he had barged into the mysterious magma realm and found the latter in a slumber. Back then, Lin Dong even took a Divine Flame Tablet from the latter.
“It’s you?”
When the Flame Master saw Lin Dong, who was standing in front of him, a tinge of shock flashed across his face. Although he was in a slumber back then, he could still detect Lin Dong’s actions within the magma realm. However, back then, Lin Dong was no different from an ant in his eyes. Therefore, he never expected Lin Dong to become so powerful after only a few years.
The Flame Master’s eyes were glimmering as he scanned Lin Dong’s body. Meanwhile, the shock in his eyes grew even denser. It was a long while later before he sighed, “Did you obtain the Devouring Master’s inheritance?”
Lin Dong nodded. Given the Flame Master’s abilities, it was not difficult for the latter to spot this. 
The Flame Master descended into silence. Meanwhile, there was a complicated expression in his eyes. Back then, the Devouring Master ignited his Reincarnation in order to protect them. However, he had to sacrifice his own life in order to do so. As of now, since his inheritance was already given to Lin Dong, it was likely that the Devouring Master had truly perished from this world. This caused the Flame Master to involuntarily feel a little upset.
While the two of them were talking, Ying Huanhuan was slightly startled as she stared at the figure standing in front of her. Promptly, the cold chill on her face gradually faded away, before a slight arc was lifted on the corner of her lips. 
Is he jealous? This is truly a rare sight.
With slight joy in her heart, Ying Huanhuan extended her icy hand before she gently held Lin Dong’s hand.
The icy cool sensation suddenly transmitted to Lin Dong’s hand startled him. However, he quickly recovered his senses, before a smile appeared on his face. After which, he gently held that icy cool hand and slowly increased his grip.
Their actions were naturally seen by the Flame Master. The latter frowned immediately. Then, he hesitated for a moment before calling out, “Little junior sister.”
“You should call me Ying Huanhuan. I prefer that name.” Ying Huanhuan shook her head slightly before she softly said.
Lin Dong’s heart shook upon hearing this. This lass had finally became so understanding. After which, when he saw the Flame Master’s expression, he involuntarily asked in his heart, “Yan, what is going on with the Flame Master? You’d better not tell me that he and the Ice Master were a couple.”
“Cough…” Yan coughed dryly and said, “The Ice Master likes to be alone. How could she possibly have a lover? However, someone like her is extremely attractive and the Flame Master always had a crush on her. Nevertheless, despite his efforts, she remained unmoved.”
“So it is a one-sided crush.” Lin Dong came to a sudden understanding. He never expected that this renowned legendary figure, whose name was passed down since the ancient times, had actually failed in romance. It seems like the Ice Master was indeed a proud and arrogant person.
The Flame Master remained nonchalant after hearing Ying Huanhuan’s words. Instead, he stared at Lin Dong and said, “In that case, I’ll listen to you. I will address you as such after you return to being the Ice Master.”
Lin Dong frowned. That was because he realized that the Flame Master was looking at him with a slightly peculiar expression. In fact, it seemed like it contained a trace of pity. This caused Lin Dong to feel a little irritated in his heart. Why did this fellow immediately conclude that Ying Huanhuan would transform into that darned Ice Master?
Although Lin Dong was irritated, for some unknown reason, his heart also became depressed. As that mysterious emotion surged into his heart, it caused him to involuntarily tighten his grip over Ying Huanhuan’s hand. Promptly, the latter seemed to have detected his action as well. Immediately, she lowered her pretty eyes before she curled her hand and grasped Lin Dong’s hand.
“Haha, I didn’t expect… that even the Flame Master has showed up. However, from your appearance, it seems like this is not your actual body.” An indifferent laughter was transmitted from a short distance away, just as emotions were churning within Lin Dong’s heart. Then, he saw that the Fourth Seat King was looking at the Flame Master, who had just arrived, with a faint smile. 
After he heard those words, Lin Dong glanced at the Flame Master. Only then, did he realize that there was a faint glow being emitted from the latter’s body. From the looks of it, it seems like his actual body did not arrive. Instead, just like the Fourth Seat King, he had created an avatar using his formidable powers, which was now stationed far away from his actual body. 
“Wouldn’t you have fled already if my actual body came?” The Flame Master looked at the Fourth Seat King, before he waved his hand and continued, “Get lost.”
Although the Flame Master appeared extremely gentle in front of Ying Huanhuan, he revealed the might and domineering pride that belonged to one of the eight Ancient Masters, when he faced the Fourth Seat King.
“Heh, just a fellow avatar. Do you really think that I am afraid of you?” An ugly expression flashed across the Fourth Seat King’s feminine face before he chuckled.
The Flame Master stared indifferently at the Fourth Seat King. Following which, a crimson glint flashed across his eyes before the entire place became searing hot. In fact, even the clouds in the sky had turned bright red.
Rumble!
A loud sound suddenly reverberated across the sky. After which, everyone lifted their heads before they were all stunned when they saw that a flaming meteorite had unknowingly appeared amidst the clouds. After which, it streaked across the sky before it ruthlessly smashed towards the Fourth Seat King.
The instant he made a move, the Flame Master demonstrated his terrifying prowess. He was indeed worthy of being one of the eight Ancient Masters.
A brutal glint flashed across the eyes of the Fourth Seat King when he saw the Flame Master’s attack. However, there was also fear deep within his eyes. Clearly, he did not dare to slight the Flame Master.
Majestic and viscous demonic aura suddenly swept out from within the body of the Fourth Seat King. Then, he clenched his large hand before the demonic aura transformed into a demonic sea that floated in the sky.
Bang!
The flaming meteorite ruthlessly crashed into the demonic sea and stirred monstrous demonic waves. Promptly, a crimson colour began to spread and even the demonic sea could not extinguish it. Instead, the demonic sea began to melt at a frightening pace as the sea of flames spread.
A pale expression flashed across the face of the Fourth Seat King. Promptly, his body moved. The next time he appeared, he was already standing behind Ying Huanhuan. Following which, he fired a punch filled with demonic aura towards the latter.
“Humph.”
As Lin Dong was constantly keeping an eye on that fellow, the instant he made a move, Lin Dong swung his sleeve before his Sky Devouring Corpse, which was holding a black long blade, immediately appeared behind Ying Huanhuan. Following which, he hacked his blade downwards.
Clang!
The Fourth Seat King’s hand, which was filled with demonic aura, extended forward and clashed with the Sky Devouring Corpse’s black long blade. Immediately, sparks flew. Nonetheless, although he managed to obtain the upper hand, his attack was still blocked by the Sky Devouring Corpse.
All of a sudden, hot flames surged out from beneath the ground and transformed into a flaming fist, before it ruthlessly struck the body of the Fourth Seat King. After which, flames surged before the Fourth Seat King was sent flying by more than ten thousand feet.
With a somewhat pale expression, the Fourth Seat King forcefully stabilized his body. Meanwhile, his eyes were filled with a dark and gloomy expression. When he looked at the Flame Master and Lin Dong, who were protecting Ying Huanhuan, he knew that he could no longer succeed. 
“Flame Master, all of you shouldn’t be so proud of yourself. You guys won the previous great world war only because the Symbol Ancestor ignited his Reincarnation. Without the Symbol Ancestor, do you guys really believe that you can win the second great world war?” The Fourth Seat King said in a cold voice.
“I know that since you people have been in hiding over all these years, you people must have something planned. Currently, it is true that I am unable to spare the time to do something about it. However, you people had better be careful. This is because…”
The Flame Master smiled faintly and said, “The Lightning Master has awakened and he is currently scouting the world looking for you people. Therefore, all of you had better hide well. I’m afraid that it won’t be so easy to escape once he finds you.”
The eyes of the Fourth Seat King shrunk slightly. Then, he chuckled, “The Lightning Master huh? So what if he has awakened? I’m afraid that a single Ancient Master can hardly do anything to us!”
“Is that so?” The Flame Master was noncommittal.
The Fourth Seat King snorted coldly. It was pointless to say anything more at this juncture. Hence, he immediately waved his hand before his body gradually became illusory. Finally, he vanished.
“Flame Master, just you wait. In the next world war, my Yimo tribe will definitely destroy your plane.”
The Fourth Seat King’s cold and dark voice continued to reverberate across the world after he vanished.
The Flame Master’s expression did not change. After which, he turned around and looked at Lin Dong and Ying Huanhuan before he said, “Let’s go.”
“Go?”
Lin Dong was startled. He looked at the Flame Master with a strange expression before he said, “Are you planning on following us?”
The Flame Master gave a faint smile. However, his eyes remained focused on Ying Huanhuan as he said, “Her identity has already been exposed. I will remain by her side until she completely awakens.”
After which, he did not say anything more as he directly shut his eyes and began to recuperate.
Lin Dong’s face immediately darkened upon hearing this. 
Damnit, is he really going to follow us all the way?





 Chapter 1221: Quiet Willow Silent Wind
As Lin Dong was unable to get rid of this leech that had suddenly latched onto them, he felt quite helpless. However, from the way that things had played out, it was clear that the Flame Master was not going to leave Ying Huanhuan’s side. Hence, since he could not change his mind, he could only accept it temporarily. After all, the world was becoming increasingly chaotic and those Yimo, who had been in hiding for tens of thousands of years, had finally revealed themselves. Moreover, Ying Huanhuan’s identity as the Ice Master reincarnator was also exposed. Therefore, it would be very troublesome if more powerful Yimo came after her. As such, with the Flame Master as a free helper, it was likely that they would be much safer.
With this thought in mind, Lin Dong decided to stop fretting over it. As of now, Yuan Gate was destroyed and it was pointless to continue lingering in this place. Hence, after a brief chat, the large army began to move before they hurried back to Dao Sect.
The Yuan Destruction Alliance, that was temporarily formed, had obviously served its purpose. Hence, many powerful practitioners bade each other goodbye and left. Lin Dong did not try to stop them as well. Although it would greatly boost the strength of his Dao Sect if they were able to retain such experts, Lin Dong was unwilling to do so. After all, the reason why he liked Dao Sect was because he felt that this sect was worthy of his protection. Hence, if a large number of foreign experts were to suddenly join, it was inevitable that Dao Sect’s culture would change and this was something that Lin Dong dreaded.
Hence, he would rather Dao Sect progress steadily and gradually become stronger. Moreover, he did not want to risk the possibility that the essence of Dao Sect may change after it received such an influx. 
　　……
Countless bright and glittering pairs of eyes greeted Lin Dong’s large group when they returned to Dao Sect. After which, earth shaking cheers soared to the clouds and one could even hear them from five hundred kilometres away.
Every Dao Sect disciple was so excited that they ran out of Dao Sect with red eyes. After all, many of their martial seniors and juniors were killed by Yuan Gate in the last year. Despite so, they could only suppress the hatred within their hearts, clench their teeth and watch as Yuan Gate continued to act in a haughty fashion. In fact, they could only cower within their sect guarding formation. Moreover, even on rare occasions where they left the formation, they would constantly be on tenterhooks as they did not dare to expose the fact that they were Dao Sect disciples.
All of this finally began to change when that travel-weary young man returned to their Dao Sect.
His figure was still straight and tall. However, there was an additional determined look on his youthful face. After being absent for three years, he once again shouldered the heavy burden of their entire Dao Sect. It was exactly the same as what happened three years ago back at the Unique Devil Region. At the very last moment, he showed up and heroically reversed the situation all by himself.
Upon his return, Yuan Gate, who had suppressed Dao Sect until the latter could not lift its head, finally began to retreat. Finally, he gathered troops, charged up to Yuan Gate and settled the score once in for all.
Although the disciples who had stayed behind in Dao Sect did not get to witness that soul-stirring fight with Yuan Gate, they all believed that their Dao Sect would soar under his command!
Ultimately, that man did not disappoint them. With him in command, he eventually returned triumphantly with the results that they were hoping for.
Although Dao Sect had produced a number of outstanding disciples since its establishment, everyone knew that Lin Dong had far surpassed every single one of them.
Certain individual’s names were destined to go down in the annals of history.
　　……
The celebrations within Dao Sect lasted for five entire days. Over this period of time, news that Yuan Gate was destroyed spread rapidly across the Eastern Xuan Region. After which, the celebrations began to spread from Dao Sect to the rest of the entire Eastern Xuan Region.
As such, the entire Eastern Xuan Region erupted into an uproar.
The war that Yuan Gate started affected the entire Eastern Xuan Region. In fact, countless sects were reduced into ashes due to Yuan Gate’s iron hooves. Moreover, even though they hated Yuan Gate, all of them could only hide like mice. In fact, no one expected that the once mighty and invincible Yuan Gate, which looked down on everyone else, would actually fall so swiftly, just like how one had no time to hide from thunder after one saw a lightning bolt. Moreover, they were thoroughly destroyed.
While the entire Eastern Xuan Region was in shock over the collapse of Yuan Gate, Dao Sect’s reputation soared to its peak. After all, even a faction as powerful as Yuan Gate was ultimately finished off by Dao Sect. Therefore, which other sect in the Eastern Xuan Region dared to compete with them?
Currently, most of the super sects within the Eastern Xuan Region were destroyed by Yuan Gate and the old power structure was destroyed. Amongst the super sects, only Dao Sect and Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace remained standing. Therefore, it was clear that these two super sects would stand to reap the most benefits after this chaotic war ended.
As Dao Sect’s reputation soared to its peak, Lin Dong’s name also spread across the entire Eastern Xuan Region. After all, everyone clearly knew who was the deciding factor in this counter attack. In the past, Dao Sect was constantly suppressed by Yuan Gate. Therefore, Lin Dong was definitely the main reason why Dao Sect was able to reverse the situation and destroy Yuan Gate instead. 
Moreover, thanks to Lin Dong’s growing repute, everyone in the Eastern Xuan Region came to know of the Great Yan Empire. At this moment, it was likely that no other empire in the Eastern Xuan Region would dare to offend this once inconsequential low ranked empire.
In the period that followed, some of the super sects tried to rebuild their sect. However, their strength and reputation were far lacking compared to before. Moreover, all of them were quite wise and they continued to maintain great respect for Dao Sect. In fact, all of them insisted that Dao Sect should become their leader. After all, after witnessing Dao Sect’s frightening strength, it was clear that none of them dared to oppose them. 
However, Dao Sect remained non-committal. After all, they were not as ambitious as Yuan Gate, which wanted every sect in the Eastern Xuan Region to submit to them. In fact, the only thing that they wanted, was to protect their own sect and settle some scores.
Regardless, the once chaotic Eastern Xuan Region that was fraught with conflict, gradually calmed down. After the celebrations, there were many essential tasks waiting to be completed. In the future, this region will become even livelier and shine brighter than before.
　　……
In contrast to the uproar in the outside world, Dao Sect, which was now the most dazzling faction in the Eastern Xuan Region, quickly began to calm down after the initial joyous celebrations. Although the entire sect was still busking in a relaxed and confident atmosphere, the crazy celebrations of the past had gradually died down. Meanwhile, they continued to recruit and train new disciples as per the old rules. However, even after repeated attempts to clamp down, the number of practitioners seeking to join them continued to grow. 
Lin Dong was walking leisurely within Dao Sect. Occasionally, some Dao Sect disciples would scurry past him before some flushed young female disciples would glance at him with curiosity and embarrassment. Meanwhile, he would also hear disciples shouting his name, ‘martial senior Lin Dong’ from afar. It was an extremely lively sight.
With a gentle smile on his face, Lin Dong nodded at those Dao Sect disciples. As he looked at those Dao Sect disciples, who were looking at him with excited and even reverential eyes, his typically tensed heart also began to relax, as though he was relieved of a great burden. The sensation that he felt now was exactly the same as when he first joined Dao Sect three years ago.
Lin Dong had experienced far too many life and death situations during these past few years. At times, he would feel quite tired as well. However, he knew that he could not afford to stop. After all, he was carrying far too many things on his back. Hence, if he had stopped, it was likely that Dao Sect would have been reduced to rubble by now. Meanwhile, the brilliant smiles of his martial seniors and juniors would also cease to exist. In fact, even his clan and his parents would have perished during the war.
At times, in order to protect something, one must pay a price. Fortunately, Lin Dong had never regretted his decision since the beginning.
With an extremely relaxed attitude, Lin Dong walked onto a training platform. After which, he sat down beside a Pill River. Currently, there were many Dao Sect disciples sitting down and training quietly a short distance away. They were absorbing and refining the Yuan Power within the Pill River.
A lazy and peaceful atmosphere permeated this place, causing Lin Dong to feel like skiving off.
Ten days had passed since the destruction of Yuan Gate and Lin Dong had already made a complete recovery. Meanwhile, over the last ten days, he allowed himself to completely relax and he ignored everything that happened in the outside world. Whatever chaos, whatever aftermath, whatever Yimo… all of them were temporarily placed aside.
Ying Xuanzi and the rest appeared to be aware of Lin Dong’s intentions. Therefore, they did not disturb him at all during this period of time. Instead, they allowed him to leisurely roam around Dao Sect all day round. As such, he became quite an interesting sight within Dao Sect.
Lin Dong sat lazily beside a Pill River. His eyes looked at the flowing Pill River before he fell into a daze. It was a long time later before he felt a little tired. Then, he slowly shut his eyes before darkness covered his sight… 
Though darkness covered Lin Dong’s sight, the sight within his heart remained extremely bright and clear. In fact, he could clearly sense the entire Dao Sect and even every disciple within. Meanwhile, he could feel their great excitement and pride.
Their heated emotions caused a boiling warmth to appear in Lin Dong’s heart. It was as warm as the sun.
This sensation was extremely comfortable.
As it was very comfortable, Lin Dong’s body stopped moving… 
Seated on a training platform, time quickly flew by. Those Dao Sect disciples, who were quietly training, ended their training and saw that Lin Dong’s figure had remained as still as a rock. When they looked at his relaxed back, their eyes suddenly became absent-minded. In fact, they felt as though his back had merged with the world, and it was impossible to touch or to detect him.
Some private conversations spread as many disciples felt absent-minded. Finally, an increasing number of disciples hurried over. Then, all of them looked at that figure with shock in their eyes.
As the commotion slowly grew, it eventually attracted Ying Xuanzi and the rest. Then, they looked at Lin Dong, who appeared to have stopped breathing. In fact, it seemed as though even the Yuan Power and Mental Energy within the latter’s body had stopped flowing. Immediately, their expressions became exceptionally solemn. After all, they were extremely experienced individuals. Hence, even though they did not know what was going on, they knew that Lin Dong had obviously entered into a profound and mysterious trance.
Bitter training was the foundation in one’s cultivation journey. However, there were occasionally some lucky individuals who were able to experience a eureka moment that was equivalent to a decade of bitter training. At this moment, Lin Dong seemed to have entered a profound and mysterious trance. Hence, even though they did not understand what was going on, they knew that this was very important to Lin Dong.
Therefore, they began to dismiss the many disciples and empty out the training platform, in order to prevent anyone from disturbing Lin Dong.
On a mountain top within Dao Sect, the Flame Master was staring from afar at that skinny figure seated on a training platform. Meanwhile, a faint divine light was glimmering within his eyes, while a tinge of shock stealthily flashed past the deepest part of his eyes. 





 Chapter 1222: Supreme Symbol Master
The figure had been seated beside the Pill River for over a month. During this period of time, his body was as still as a rock, and even his breathing had completely disappeared. The temperature of his body was icy, appearing just like a lifeless corpse.
This scene caused even Ying Xuanzi’s group to feel somewhat bewildered, and even less needed to be said for the ordinary Dao Sect’s disciples. After all, they had never witnessed such a situation. However, they were ultimately somewhat perceptive, and clearly understood that Lin Dong must not be disturbed. Hence, they sternly prohibited any ordinary disciples from entering the training platform.
This one month quietly passed amidst the uncertain and worried gazes of the many Dao Sect disciples. With the flow of time, everyone gradually began to felt something odd. Some of the sharper individuals could vaguely feel a mighty and vast energy stealthily gathering in the sky above Dao Sect.
This power was ethereal and without form. However, it caused one to feel an almost solid pressure. Only the strong Mental Energy cultivators could clearly feel the existence of this energy and were overwhelmed with shock.
Because it turned out that this power was actually vast and endless Mental Energy.
The tremendous amount of Mental Energy caused even the experts, who had come into contact with Reincarnation, to feel some fear in their hearts. That power was like an endless ocean. It enveloped the sky above Dao Sect, causing countless Dao Sect’s disciples to feel jittery.
The Mental Energy that pervaded the sky grew increasingly dense day by day. Occasionally, a low and deep rumble of thunder would emerge in the sky. The thunder seemed to contain a destructive ripple that caused one’s scalp to turn numb.
Ying Xuanzi and the others glanced at the sky before smiling bitterly. After which, their helpless eyes shot towards the human figure, who was seated like a rock beside the Pill River. This power, which even they had difficulty bearing, was clearly related to Lin Dong’s mysterious state. However, they did not know how long this would last. After all, the Mental Energy in the sky was a little overly terrifying. Should it go out of control, the entire Dao Sect would likely be reduced to ruins in an instant.
Despite being worried, there was clearly little they could do. All that was left was to continue waiting.
Ying Xuanzi and the rest did not think that anything unexpected would happen amidst this wait. However, something did happen to Ying Huanhuan during this period. This lass had greatly exhausted herself on the day they destroyed Yuan Gate. She had spent a couple of days recuperating after she returned in order to recover. Inexplicably however, the cold aura that emanated from within her body in the following month became increasingly dense. Everyone could feel her strength soar wildly as the cold Qi within her body grew denser. This rapid rate caused Ying Xuanzi and the others to be rather worried.
Such an uncontrolled rise had occurred only after Lin Dong had entered his mysterious state. It continued for half a month before it gradually slowed. The chill now caused one to feel a terrible discomfort. Hence, Ying Huanhuan had secluded herself on the ice lake at the back of a mountain over this period. Even Ying Xuanzi could only endure ten minutes of the cold Qi there before being forced to leave.
Ying Huanhuan’s transformation made Ying Xuanzi and the rest feel somewhat uneasy. The unease felt by Ying Xiaoxiao was even greater. She wanted to head to the ice lake to guard Ying Huanhuan a couple of times, but she was unable to endure the cold Qi. In the end, she was forcibly extracted by Ying Xuanzi.
These sudden changes gave Ying Xuanzi a huge headache. However, he was after all the sect master of Dao Sect, a steady man who did not panic. He could only seal off the ice lake and prohibit ordinary disciples from approaching. After which, there was not much else that he could do. The only thing left was to wait till Lin Dong awoke and take another look.
This wait continued for half a month or so before there was finally some activity.
Rumble.
The Dao Sect disciples continued their daily compulsory lessons and training. However, things were clearly different today. The weather had become rather stifling since morning, and the deep rumbling thunder was far more frequent than usual.
The sky had already become dark by afternoon. After which, everyone saw dark clouds surging over in the sky. An endless number of thunderbolts coiled about in the sky like lightning dragons as a frightening natural pressure spread.
Bang!
Thunderbolts flashed and the entire Dao Sect was lit by lightning as if it was daytime. The Yuan Power in the area began to flare up.
All the strong individuals within Dao Sect wore grave expressions as they looked at the violence in the sky. The corners of their eyes twitched slightly. Such a lightning storm would likely turn even a Samsara stage super expert to dust in an instant.
The hearts of countless Dao Sect trembled with fear as they gazed upon the sky. After which, they hurriedly withdrew to a places where they could take shelter. The power of a human appeared exceptionally weak in the face of such a frightening might of the heavens.
Rumble!
The sound of rumbling thunder grew increasingly hurried. It seemed as though even the dark clouds could not cover the bright lightning. This scene was akin to millions of soldiers about to charge forward. Even the sky and land shook slightly.
The thunder seemed to gather and ultimately reach its peak. However, the place strangely became quiet the moment the thunder roared.
This silence continued for a mere instant. After which, everyone’s pupils shrunk as they watched the thunderclouds in the sky being brutally torn apart. An earthshaking roar suddenly resounded over the sky while resplendent lightning seemed to conceal all other light in the area.
Countless hundred thousand feet large thunderbolts charged out from the clouds in the sky like ferocious lightning dragons. After which, they turned into a lightning waterfall that descended from the sky and headed straight for Dao Sect.
This scene shocked countless Dao Sect disciples so much that their complexions turned deathly white.
The lightning dragons seemed to fill the sky and engulf the land as they descended. In the short span of several breaths, they had already reached the sky ten thousand feet above Dao Sect. At this moment, with the light from the lightning, some Dao Sect disciples saw the figure, which had been seated beside the Pill River for almost two months, slowly stand up.
The figure lifted his head and watched as the thunderbolts swept towards him. His skinny figure appeared exceptionally small in the face of these massive thunderbolts. However, the terror in the hearts of the Dao Sect disciples instantly disappeared when they saw this figure.
They ultimately believed that as long as this figure existed, their Dao Sect would never fall. This was an almost blind faith.
Such faith was crazy and irrational, but they never doubted it.
Countless lightning dragons started to gather together. As thunder rumbled, the lightning dragons became a surging sea of lightning that brought with it an armageddon like power.
Lin Dong lifted his head. The sea of lightning was reflected in his pitch-black eyes. His body moved and directly appeared in the sky. After which, he allowed the frightening lightning sea to envelop him.
Gasps erupted from within Dao Sect at this moment. However, these gasps quickly stopped. This was because they saw the descending sea of lightning suddenly come to a halt ten thousand feet from Dao Sect. At this distance, it was already possible for them to see the destructive power contained within it.
“Quick, look!”
An exclamation suddenly sounded and countless pairs of eyes shot over. They saw waves suddenly rise from the center of the lightning sea as lightning slowly accumulated. Moments later, it turned into a ten thousand feet large lightning throne. A skinny figure holding a scepter stood on it before taking a seat.
At this very moment, the figure was akin to the emperor of lightning. All of the terrifying thunderbolts were at his beck and call.
The figure on the lightning throne gently waved his scepter, and the armageddon like sea of lightning swept downwards. After which, it gradually shrunk in front of countless pairs of eyes. Finally, it turned into a huge thunderbolt river, which was tens of thousands of feet in size, and slowly flowed in the sky above Dao Sect.
Everyone’s eyes involuntarily widened when they saw that the frightening sea of lightning appeared as tame as sheep in Lin Dong’s hands as disbelief filled their faces.
After dealing with the frightening lightning sea, the figure slowly stood up from the lightning throne. Subsequently, he gently spread his hands. 
Bang.
The vast and mighty Mental Energy, which had flowed in the sky above Dao Sect for two months, abruptly surged downwards in a frantic manner as if it in answer to the call of someone. Finally, it rushed into Lin Dong’s body.
Lin Dong’s body was like a bottomless pit as the frightening Mental Energy poured into him. He did not feel any discomfort. Instead, his face had a faint intoxicated expression on it.
Within a short couple of minutes, the vast and mighty Mental Energy, which had frightened countless people in Dao Sect, was completely absorbed by Lin Dong.
When the final bit of Mental Energy flowed into Lin Dong’s body, warm sunlight came pouring down from the dim sky. In the end, it enveloped the entire Dao Sect. 
Countless pairs of eyes looked towards the sky where a figure quietly hovered. Although he simply stood there, the many experts from Dao Sect could not detect his presence no matter how hard they tried to sense him. It was the same as when the Fourth Seat King had appeared back then. He was clearly there, but they were unable to feel his presence.
“What powerful Mental Energy… it is unexpected that Lin Dong’s Mental Energy has already reached such a frightening level.” Ying Xuanzi looked at the figure in the sky and let out a soft sigh after a long while.
“If I am not wrong, Lin Dong’s Mental Energy has likely already advanced into the legendary Supreme Symbol Master level. This fellow… is really a genius.” The blind elder sighed. He specialized in Mental Energy and naturally understood just how terrifying Lin Dong’s current level was.
A Supreme Symbol Master could compete with a Reincarnation stage expert!
“That lightning river possess extremely pure lightning power. It is extremely useful in tempering one’s Yuan Power and physical body. This act of Lin Dong has blessed our Dao Sect.” Chen Zhen gazed upon the bright lightning river and involuntarily chuckled.
Ying Xuanzi also smiled and nodded. Soon after, however, worry rose in his eyes. “It’s fortunate that Lin Dong is finally out. Otherwise, we really will not know what to do about Huanhuan.”
“What has happened to Huanhuan?”
The figure in front of them slowly appeared in a ghost like fashion after Ying Xuanzi’s voice sounded. As Lin Dong looked at the former, he frowned and asked.





 Chapter 1223: Furious Fight against the Flame Master
On a mountain behind Dao Sect. A ray of light streaked across the sky before Lin Dong and Ying Xuanzi appeared on a mountain top, which was now emitting a frightening cold aura. Looking past the rich and dense forest, one could see an azure clear ice lake at that spot. 
“Sigh, you should go and take a closer look. The cold aura within her body is becoming increasingly terrifying and even I cannot approach her.” Ying Xuanzi looked at the distant ice lake, before a painful expression flashed across his eyes. Then, he sighed softly.
Lin Dong nodded gently. Without further ado, his body moved before he appeared at the edge of that ice lake. He cast his glance and saw that there was an ice lotus in the middle of the ice lake. Meanwhile, a pretty figure was seated quietly within that ice lotus, while her long icy blue hair flowed down and filled the ice lotus.
At the moment, there was a dense chill being emitted from that graceful figure. Meanwhile, that chill was extremely intense and even the surrounding air showed signs of freezing. It was exceedingly overbearing. 
Lin Dong knitted his brows slightly. Then, he took a step forward before his body appeared in front of the ice lotus in a phantom like fashion. At the same time, there was a faint black glow undulated on his body, which devoured and took care of the overbearing cold aura that was trying to erode his body.
Seated on the ice lotus, Ying Huanhuan had fallen into a deep slumber. Her pretty eyes were tightly shut and her beautiful face was now slightly pale. Occasionally, her delicate figure would tremble and she looked so fragile that it would cause one’s heart to ache. 
Frightening cold aura continuously gushed out from within her body. Lin Dong had sharp eyes and he could tell that as the cold aura continuously surged from within her body, the colour of her originally icy blue long hair grew even richer.
All of a sudden, Ying Huanhuan’s delicate figure trembled intensely. Following which, she subconsciously bit her lips, while she knitted her brows tightly. It looked as though she was trying to resist something and there was even a terrified expression on her brows.
Lin Dong felt his heart ache when he saw this. His expression turned gloomy immediately as he spoke in his heart, “Yan, what is going on? Wasn’t she doing fine previously?”
“The strength of the Ice Master appears to be awakening quickly.” Yan was silent for a moment before he said.
“Why?” Lin Dong’s pupils shrunk slightly before he promptly demanded in a deep voice. There was a reason behind everything. Previously, Ying Huanhuan had been suppressing the strength within her body. Therefore, unless some unforeseen circumstances had occurred, why would there be such a drastic change now?
Yan hesitated upon hearing this.
“Why?!” Lin Dong once again demanded. Meanwhile, there was an additional trace of anger in his voice.
“It might be related to the Flame Master.” Yan laughed bitterly and said.
“Flame Master? What has he done to Huanhuan?” Lin Dong’s expression changed, while fury rose within his eyes. That fellow was indeed up to no good!
“He might not have done anything purposefully. After all, he is the Flame Master and possess an aura from the ancient times. Therefore, after he approached Ying Huanhuan, his aura would act as a magnet that would draw the Ice Master’s strength, which lies dormant within Ying Huanhuan’s body.” Yan said.
“Why didn’t you say so earlier?!” Lin Dong asked furiously.
“Initially, I thought that Ying Huanhuan would be able to handle it. I never expected something to go wrong so quickly.” Yan laughed bitterly and said.
“The Flame Master should have known that by approaching Ying Huanhuan, his aura would stir the dormant strength of the Ice Master within her body, am I right?” With an extremely ugly expression, Lin Dong slowly said.
“Well… he should have known about this.” Yan nodded and said.
Lin Dong slowly retracted the fury within his eyes before his face became calm once again. However, Yan, who knew Lin Dong extremely well, knew that the calmer this fellow was, the greater the fury within his heart.
Lin Dong extended his hand and gently stroked Ying Huanhuan’s bone chilling icy blue long hair. After which, he suddenly turned around. With a dark and gloomy expression, he rushed off. In the next moment, he directly appeared in the sky above Dao Sect. Then, he surveyed his surroundings, before he locked his eyes onto a mountain, that was at a short distance away. Finally, a dark and solemn furious voice resounded across the sky, “Flame Master, come out now!”
This sudden roar caused everyone in Dao Sect to be startled. After which, they lifted their heads and saw the gloomy looking Lin Dong, who was now standing in the sky. This was the first time they ever saw Lin Dong lose his temper till this extent.
Ying Xuanzi and the rest also hurried over, before they exchanged glances with each other. Clearly, they did not know what was going on.
A fiery glow flashed on the distant mountain. After which, a figure appeared directly across Lin Dong in the sky. Subsequently, that figure frowned slightly and asked, “What is it?”
“You know what you have done. Yet, you dare to question me?!” When he saw the Flame Master’s nonchalant attitude, the fury within Lin Dong’s dark black eyes grew, before he coldly chuckled. 
The Flame Master glanced indifferently at the back mountain of Dao Sect, which was now covered with cold aura. Then, an unknown expression flashed across his eyes before he said, “There are some things in this world that you cannot hide from. Right now, you are merely trying to deceive yourself.”
“Aren’t you too much of a busybody.” Lin Dong coldly said, “Dao Sect does not welcome you. Leave!”
“I will not go anywhere before she awakens.” The Flame Master shook his head and said nonchalantly.
“Awaken? Do you think that she will still be herself after she awakens? I want Ying Huanhuan, not the Ice Master!” Lin Dong shouted sternly.
“You are far too selfish.”
The Flame Master frowned and said, “Do you know the weight of the burden on her shoulders? The Yimo are still hiding in this world. Furthermore, it is not as if you do not know how powerful they are. If another world war begins, many lives will be lost and we will all need her to rescue us. At that time, if she remains as Ying Huanhuan and everything in this world falls into the hands of the Yimo, do you really believe that the both of you can escape unscathed?”
“She is unable to carry such a heavy burden. If someone must carry it, I will take her place!” Lin Dong clenched his hands tightly before he said in a deep voice.
“You?”
The Flame Master glanced at Lin Dong. There was a faint trace of derision in his eyes as he said, “On what basis? Just because you have obtained the Devouring Master’s inheritance? This burden is something that even the Devouring Master himself cannot carry even if he was alive. Therefore, what gives you the right to utter such words?”
“Moreover, if this burden is so easy to carry, do you think that we will need someone like you to do it?!”
“Whether I have the qualifications to do so is not up to you to decide.” Lin Dong shook his head and he ceased speaking. However, the stubborn glint in his eyes remained unmoveable.
“What an arrogant brat. Since you dare to make that claim, allow me to try and see if you are qualified!” When the Flame Master saw this, he coldly said. Meanwhile, fury rose within his heart.
“Bang!”
After he spoke, the sky behind him suddenly became crimson red. After which, he stomped his foot. Immediately, flame like crimson Yuan Power swept forward, before they transformed into a large fiery palm, that ruthlessly smashed towards Lin Dong.
A cold glint flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes when he saw the Flame Master’s attack. However, he did not budge. Instead, thunder clouds began to gather in the sky above him. After which, a ten thousand feet large thunderbolt came whistling downwards like a lightning dragon before it ruthlessly clashed with that large fiery palm.
Bang!
A terrifying assault wave spread and even space itself became somewhat distorted when those two clashed.
Though Lin Dong’s body was shaking, he did not step back. Instead, a stern expression surged within his black eyes. The Flame Master was indeed powerful. However, Lin Dong’s Mental Energy had advanced to the Supreme Symbol Master level. Together with the fact that his Yuan Power cultivation had touched Reincarnation, it was clearly impossible for the Flame Master to suppress Lin Dong with his avatar. 
“If you do not leave, I will destroy your avatar!”
Lin Dong was clearly infuriated by the fact that the Flame Master had attacked him suddenly. Immediately, he waved his sleeve before a glow whistled forward. After which, it swelled rapidly in the sky and eventually turned into an incomparably large ancient formation.
“Ancient Universe Formation?” When the Flame Master saw that ancient formation, his pupils hardened. Clearly, he knew about it.
“Bang!”
Mighty Yuan Power and Mental Energy suddenly whistled out from within Lin Dong’s body. Then, they transformed into two light pillars before they charged into the Ancient Universe Formation. The formation subsequently rotated before the two energies gradually merged together. Meanwhile, waves of frightening ripples slowly spread.
The ripples radiating from the merged energies even caused the Flame Master’s pupils to harden.
“You are skilled indeed.”
The Flame Master placed both of his hands gently together. Following which, a crimson colour swiftly surged within his eyes. After which, his surroundings quickly turned scorching hot, while a bright sun slowly rose from his body.
When Ying Xuanzi and many members of Dao Sect saw that these two individuals, who typically did not interfere in each other’s matter, were fighting, all of them were greatly startled. Wouldn’t the two of them end up destroying the entire Dao Sect if they fought here?
The two people in the sky looked at each other with cold eyes. In the next moment, mighty energy surged as they prepared to fight.
“Stop!”
However, a cry suddenly sounded just as the both of them were about to fight. Immediately, cold aura gushed towards them from all directions before a beautiful figure appeared in front of Lin Dong. Then, she spread her arms before she blocked Lin Dong. After which, with some anger in her pretty eyes, she stared at the Flame Master and coldly said, “What are you trying to do?”
The Flame Master looked at Ying Huanhuan, who was protecting Lin Dong, before he was slightly startled. Then, he tightened his fist before relaxing. Finally, he turned his head away and said in a faint voice, “Like I said, I will not leave until you awaken.”
“You!” Lin Dong gritted his teeth.
Ying Huanhuan turned her head. She used her icy cool hand to grab Lin Dong’s arm before she softly said, “Can you please calm down first?”
Though her voice remained as cold as always, there was also a pleading note to it.
Lin Dong looked at her before he finally sighed. After which, the light formation in the sky gradually disappeared before his Yuan Power and Mental Energy returned to his body.
A smile emerged on Ying Huanhuan’s face when she saw that Lin Dong had stopped. After all, she knew Lin Dong’s character extremely well. The latter was usually calm and determined, and he would calmly handle any situation that he encountered. However, as of now, he had lost his usual cool due to anger. This was an extremely rare occurrence and Ying Huanhuan clearly knew why. 
“Thank you.” She softly said.
“Why are you saying this?” Lin Dong shook his head. He looked at Ying Huanhuan and said, “Have you suppressed the cold aura within your body?”
“If I don’t suppress it, the both of you would have torn the entire Dao Sect apart.” Ying Huanhuan helplessly said.
“Do you really think that I do not know how to control myself.” Lin Dong smiled and said.
“Why don’t you let me handle this matter?” Ying Huanhuan glanced at Lin Dong before she asked for his opinion.
Lin Dong hesitated for a moment before nodding. Ying Huanhuan smiled upon seeing this. She turned her head before she used her pretty icy eyes to look at the Flame Master. After a brief moment, she said, “Flame Master, I know what you are trying to do. Nevertheless, the current me is not the Ice Master that you are acquainted with. Moreover, I don’t care about what happens in the future. As of now, I am still Ying Huanhuan.”
“If you want to stay here, please retract your aura.”
The Flame Master looked at Ying Huanhuan’s stern eyes. Promptly, he let out a long sigh and said, “You… you should be aware of the exact situation.”
“The Lightning Master has awoken. Subsequently, the Darkness Master, Chaos Master and the rest will show up one after another. At that time…”
Ying Huanhuan lowered her pretty eyes and said, “Well, it’s not happening now, is it?”
The Flame Master was quiet. Moments later, he seemingly smiled as he continued to stare at Ying Huanhuan’s beautiful face. Then, he said, “How unexpected. Someone like you who is so abnormally calm and rational, would actually end up having such feelings for a man.”
Although he was smiling, there was a deeper meaning behind his words. 
“That is because I am Ying Huanhuan.” Ying Huanhuan softly replied.
“Perhaps.”
The Flame Master shook his head. Then, he turned around and left, waving his hand in the process. “I will do as you say and try to retract my aura.” Following which, after his voice sounded, his body disappeared as he hurried towards a distant mountain.
Lin Dong stared in silence at the Flame Master, who was now disappearing into the horizon. After which, he slowly clenched his fist. Ultimately, this was all because he lacked sufficient strength. After all, if he had sufficient strength and was able to shoulder that burden, he could allow her to smile as happily and carefree as before. Moreover, at that time, who would dare to object?





 Chapter 1224: Clear Sky after a Snowstorm
A farce had ended in this manner. All the disciples from Dao Sect looked at one another, before they turned to glance at the person standing in the sky. Only then, did they finally scatter. Although they did not really understand what was going on, it was likely that the Flame Master must have done something overboard to cause the usually collected martial senior Lin Dong to lose his temper...
However, they had a simple thought in mind. Regardless of what happened, anyone in Dao Sect will always support Lin Dong.
“The cold aura on your body has not disappeared. You should spend some time quietly training and avoid fighting with others.” Standing in the sky, Lin Dong looked at Ying Huanhuan, who was still emitting a cold aura from within her body, before he said.
Ying Huanhuan nodded. Promptly, she softly said, “However, you must promise me never to lash out at the Flame Master again. Though that is only his avatar, his actual body will definitely come in the future.”
She was also worried about Lin Dong. After all, she was well aware of the strength of the Flame Master. In a genuine fight, Lin Dong would surely get the short end of the stick. Moreover, the Flame Master represented a group of people, the most terrifying group of individuals even during the ancient times.
“I was indeed a little reckless this time around.” Lin Dong sighed. He was indeed a little reckless this time around. However, when he realized that the Flame Master had quietly awakened the dormant Ice Master’s strength within Ying Huanhuan’s body, without giving them any prior warnings, he was involuntarily outraged. Moreover, the real reason why he was so upset was because the Flame Master had acted behind his back. After all, he trusted the Flame Master and this was the reason why he allowed the latter to follow them. However, the latter did something sneaky behind his back and his actions had genuinely crossed a line. 
He knew that the Flame Master and the other Ancient Masters had grand ambitions and they wanted to protect this world. Meanwhile, Lin Dong also respected them for that. In fact, no one else could match their contributions to this world. From a certain point of view, what they did to Ying Huanhuan was not a mistake. In fact, in their opinion, only after the Ice Master fully awakens, would it be possible to save this world.
However, Lin Dong did not wish for Ying Huanhuan to become a foreign and icy person because of this. Nonetheless, he also knew that it was the responsibility of the Ice Master. Furthermore, there was no way to distinguish between Ying Huanhuan and the Ice Master. Hence, she had no choice in this matter and there was no way she could avoid this duty as well. 
Lin Dong was not acting selfishly when he wanted Ying Huanhuan to reject this duty. He only wanted the perfect solution. After all, if he had the ability to shoulder this duty, there wouldn’t be a need for Ying Huanhuan to transform. Moreover, this world would also be saved.
Even though Lin Dong knew that this method might seem a little naive, he was willing to pay any price to do so. After all, he had experienced numerous life and deaths situations, and despite suffering numerous injuries along the way, he had slowly walked towards this goal. As such, he hoped that he could gain their acceptance when the time came.
Before that, he wanted to try his best to protect her voice and her smile. Ultimately, he was still a mortal man with feelings.
When Ying Huanhuan saw the complicated emotions on Lin Dong’s face, she descended into silence. Promptly, she used her pretty icy blue eyes to look at the bustling and lively Dao Sect. Immediately, she became a little absent-minded. Then, her delicate finger pointed to a distant square before she smilingly said, “Do you still remember? In the hall competition three years ago, that was the place where we fought for the very first time.” 
“Aye. After that, you were ruthlessly spanked by me.” Lin Dong smiled and said.
A faint flush surfaced on Ying Huanhuan’s face. Then, she chided, “At that time, I should have asked every senior and junior from my Sky Hall to beat you up.”
“The seniors and juniors from my Desolate Hall are not afraid of you.” Lin Dong involuntarily laughed. Suddenly, he realized that his mood had improved. Those past memories brought warmth to his heart.
“Alright, you should go and recuperate first. You should not come out in a state like this.” After his mood improved,  Lin Dong waved his hand towards Ying Huanhuan and said.
“Alright.”
Ying Huanhuan was well aware of her own body’s condition. After all, if she did not suppress this cold aura, it would be quite harmful towards the ordinary Dao Sect disciples. Therefore, she promptly smiled towards Lin Dong before she waved her small hand and said, “Don’t lose your temper again.”
As of now, her conduct bore some resemblance to the way that fiery young girl acted three years ago. Promptly, Lin Dong felt some warmth in his heart. After which, he nodded and sent Ying Huanhuan off with his eyes. Immediately, the latter transformed into a ray of light before she rushed back to the back mountain.
The smile on Lin Dong’s face finally scattered bit by bit after Ying Huanhuan was gone. Clenching his hands tightly together, the expression in his eyes changed rapidly. It was a long while later before he released a deep sigh.
He was able to stop the Flame Master this time around. However, what about the next time? If things truly developed like what the Flame Master said, after his actual body arrived, the Chaos Master, Darkness Master and the other Ancient Masters would soon follow behind. At that time, would he still be able to protect Ying Huanhuan?
At that time, which Ancient Master would believe him if he claimed that he could shoulder Ying Huanhuan’s burden? Though he was quite powerful now, there was still a huge gap between him and those peak experts from the ancient times like the Flame Master.
“Yan… do you think that I can surpass the Ice Master?” Lin Dong felt a little lost as he asked.
“Did you think that you would have made it this far three years ago?” Yan smiled faintly and said.
“However, I lack the confidence that I can protect her after those Ancient Masters arrive, and I doubt that I will be able to convince them that I am qualified to shoulder her burden.”
Yan was quiet. The Ice Master was exceptional. In fact, even his owner, the Symbol Ancestor, was full of praises for her. As such, trying to be on par with her was going to be an extremely difficult task.
“It is not impossible to convince them to acknowledge you.” Yan was quiet for a moment before he suddenly said.
“Do you have a way?” Lin Dong hurriedly asked in a startled fashion.
“I do. However, I do not know if it will work.” Yan paused before continuing. “Moreover, it also depends on someone else… ”
“Who?”
“Ling Qingzhu.”
“Ling Qingzhu?” Lin Dong was startled. Then, he asked in a lost tone, “What has it got to do with her?”
“I do not know the specifics. However… I sensed a ripple from her body that only my owner possessed.” Yan spoke in a solemn voice.
“Symbol Ancestor?” Lin Dong’s eyes shrunk. His heart was filled with uncertainty. How was Ling Qingzhu related to the Symbol Ancestor?
“I do not know why she would possess a fluctuation that only my owner possessed. However, you can go and ask her yourself.” Yan said.
Lin Dong frowned before he shook his head. Ultimately, he was doing all this because of Ying Huanhuan. Hence, it was unfair to Ling Qingzhu if he asked her for help. As such, there was no way he could bring himself to ask her. 
“Forget it, I will think of a way by myself.” Lin Dong sighed.
“It’s up to you. However, this is the first time I have ever encountered a situation like this. It is truly a waste to give it up…” Yan muttered to himself.
Lin Dong shook his head and ignored him. Meanwhile, he felt a little irritated in his heart. After regaining a short moment of peace, various unexpected situations had popped up. If only things would remain as peaceful as before.
With these troubling thoughts in mind, Lin Dong slowly descended from the sky. He was just about to leave when a voice was transmitted from a short distance away. Immediately, he lifted his head before he saw Ying Xiaoxiao swiftly walking towards him.
“Martial senior Xiaoxiao.” Lin Dong smiled towards Ying Xiaoxiao and said.
“I am no longer worthy of this form of address from you.” Ying Xiaoxiao rolled her eyes at Lin Dong. Given his current strength, he was more than qualified even if he wanted to become the sect master.
“That’s right. I came to tell you that your friends have left for the Demon Region while you were in a seclusion. However, they set up a spatial formation before they left. Therefore, you will be able to reach the Demon Region in a couple of days if you wanted to.”
“Little Marten and the rest have returned to the Demon Region?” Lin Dong was startled. However, he quickly nodded. The Eastern Xuan Region was currently in a peaceful state and they ought to return to the Demon Region. Moreover, they still had to take care of their Four Titans Palace. Furthermore, given Little Flame’s character, it was obvious that the Demon Region was more suited for him.
“Moreover...” Ying Xiaoxiao suddenly paused before continuing, “Previously, Miss Ling Qingzhu led the final batch of members from Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace and left Dao Sect. They should be heading back to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace.”
“Has she left?” Lin Dong was dumbstruck. Promptly, a complicated emotion appeared in his eyes, while an unknown emotion rose in his heart.
“The Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace’s disciples have left one after another during this period of time. At their initial rate, they should have all been gone one month ago. However, for some unknown reason, their speed subsequently slowed down. Moreover, Miss Qingzhu remained in Dao Sect for a month and only left with some members recently.” Ying Xiaoxiao glanced at Lin Dong with a strange expression before she said.
Lin Dong smiled bitterly. He naturally knew what Ying Xiaoxiao was implying. During the past month, he had descended into that bizzare trance. Therefore, the reason why Ling Qingzhu stayed behind was likely because she was worried about him. Now that he had successfully left his seclusion, she had also left quietly.
However, her character remained the same as before. Moreover, she was completely different from Ying Huanhuan. The latter did not hide her love or hate, and she was even willing to risk her life to force Ying Xuanzi to show himself in order to protect him back at the Unique Devil City. Though it might appear willful, it was in fact her way of expressing her love. However, Ling Qingzhu did not reveal anything. She would keep any emotion she felt deep inside herself, and would never mention it to anyone else. Only those who were close to her, could sense the fiery heat encompassed within her icy cold heart.
“I wanted to ask… what do you plan to do about Huanhuan and Miss Qingzhu?” Ying Xiaoxiao stared at Lin Dong and asked.
“I…”
Lin Dong moved his lips but was unable to say anything. Meanwhile, there was a complicated expression on his face and he lacked his usual decisiveness. After all, there was no way he could easily explain such a matter. 
Ying Xiaoxiao sighed. However, she did not press on. Instead, she said, “You should go and send her off. She shouldn’t be far.”
Lin Dong nodded. He was just about to turn around and leave, when Ying Xiaoxiao suddenly recalled something, “Wait, during these past two months, your parents also sent you a message. They want you to do something for them.”
“Do something?” Lin Dong was stunned. What would his parents ask him to do?
“Aye. Your parents asked you to head to the Northern Xuan Region and bring Qingtan back once you have the time.”
“Qingtan…”
Lin Dong’s heart involuntarily shook upon hearing that name. Immediately, an exceptionally warm and gentle expression appeared on his face. He wondered how that stubborn little lass, who always gave him a headache, was doing now.
When Lin Dong thought of that lively smiling young lady wearing a black dress, holding onto a black sickle three years ago, his heart felt warm. It has been three years since he last saw her, and he really missed that little lass.
“Aye, understood. I will bring her back as soon as possible.”
Lin Dong nodded. Qingtan was the little princess in their family whom both his parents and himself doted on. Therefore, there was no telling how many tears their mother had shed ever since she left home. Since he had returned, he should find the time to head to the Northern Xuan Region.
Lin Dong did not linger on after his laughter sounded. He waved his hand towards Ying Xiaoxiao before his body moved. After which, he left Dao Sect. Ying Xiaoxiao sighed helplessly as she stared at his departing figure.
　　……
Dozens of disciples from Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace were travelling quietly within the mountain forest outside of Dao Sect. A lovely and outstanding lady wearing a white dress was at the front. Meanwhile, there was a veil covering her face. However, her figure, which was outlined by her clothes, was perfect and alluring.
Su Ruo was walking behind her. Meanwhile, she occasionally turned around and used her large eyes to look at that increasingly blurry Dao Sect. Finally, she involuntarily asked softly, “Senior sister, are we going to leave just like this?”
“Aye.”
A faint voice was emitted from under Ling Qingzhu’s veil. It seems like there were hardly any emotions in her voice. 
“At the very least… we should bade goodbye to big brother Lin Dong before leaving.” Su Ruo suggested.
Ling Qingzhu glanced at her. She seemingly smiled before she spoke in a gentle voice, “Why do we have to care about this.”
“But… but senior sister, the reason why you stayed behind in Dao Sect during this period of time, was because you want to see if he has successfully completed his training…” Su Ruo bit her lips and said.
Ling Qingzhu’s footsteps paused. Following which, the sword scabbard in her hand gently knocked Su Ruo’s small head before she said, “If you continue to spew such nonsense, I will confine you when we return.”
Su Ruo’s small head shrunk and she did not dare to speak anymore.
“She is right. Since I brought all of you back to Dao Sect, at the very least, you should come and say goodbye before you leave, am I right?” A laughter was suddenly transmitted from the front. Ling Qingzhu’s jade like hand, which was currently holding onto her longsword, immediately stilled. After which, she slowly lifted her head before she saw a skinny figure in front of her, who was now leaning on a large tree at the end of the forest. Meanwhile, that man was looking at her with a smile. 
A faint light penetrated the forest and shone on his body. That warm sunlight evoked the sensation that one felt when one saw a clear sky after a snowstorm.





 Chapter 1225: Chat
“Big brother Lin Dong!”
Su Rou’s surprised cry broke the quietness in the mountain forest, while joy filled her young and pretty face.
“Senior brother Lin Dong.”
The Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace disciples also hurriedly cupped their hands together and greeted him. Lin Dong was the benefactor of their Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace. Moreover, the reason that they could have their revenge was also entirely because of Lin Dong.
Lin Dong smiled at them. After which, his eyes turned towards the aloof lady in a white dress. The latter shifted her gaze away when she saw him look at her. The hand that held the sword scabbard gripped with a little more strength as faint green veins appeared on her fair skin.
Su Rou looked at the both of them and laughed. “Big brother Lin Dong, do you have something to say to senior sister? We’ll go ahead first and wait.”
Su Rou quietly waved her hand after speaking and led the Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace disciples to walk past Ling Qingzhu.
A trace of panic was finally revealed in Ling Qingzhu’s normally clear eyes after seeing that Su Rou and the others were about to leave. She hurriedly reached out in an attempt to grab Su Rou. However, the latter playfully dodged her. After which, she waved her hand at Ling Qingzhu, “Senior sister, there is no need to hurry. We still have time so you can slowly chat.”
The young lady was already laughing in a lovely voice after her voice faded. She led the disciples from the Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace out of the mountain forest. After which, her laughter gradually became distant.
The mood within the forest once again turned to silence after Su Rou and the rest left. Ling Qingzhu remained where she stood. Her graceful and enchanting figure possessed some extremely tempting curves. Her dress was like snow and her fine black hair was loosely tied together. She had an extraordinary demeanor.
Although she had initially panicked a little, her mental fortitude was relatively strong, hence she very quickly regained her calm. Her expression was as still as the water in an old well. However, her slightly faster than usual breathing partially exposed the current state of her heart.
“It’s not very nice of you to simply leave without saying goodbye, is it?” Lin Dong slowly walked forward amidst this silence as he looked at the woman before him and said.
“We have already imposed on you for many days. Dao Sect has many internal affairs to deal with. By leaving quietly, we will be able to reduce some of your trouble.” Ling Qingzhu replied.
“Is this really the case?” Lin Dong stood in front of Ling Qingzhu. His gaze was fixed on her face, a face which appeared extremely beautiful despite being covered by a veil. Suddenly, he sighed and said, “It… has already been eight years since we met, right?”
Both of them had met in the small Great Yan Empire. At that time, she was a pride of the heavens who stood high above, while he was merely a weak young man from a small family, who was struggling through numerous challenging experiences.
At that time, he could only look up to Ling Qingzhu when he saw her aloof and beautiful face. It was the first time he had met such a beauty, and his heart would naturally beat more rapidly like an ordinary person. However, he was aware of the gap between the both of them. He had to admit that even he felt a little ashamed in his heart when he met Ling Qingzhu back then.
However, things changed with the passage of time. Eight years later, the former young man was now standing at the peak of this continent. Perhaps, only he understood in his heart just how much hardship he had experienced over this period of time. Nevertheless, he had never regretted anything.
Ripples involuntarily rose within Ling Qingzhu’s clear eyes when she heard Lin Dong’s words. She slowly lifted her head and her pretty eyes looked at his young face. Eight years ago, there had still been some immaturity on his face. However, Lin Dong’s eyes remained passionate and stubborn even when her sword had been placed at his throat.
“After eight years, our status seemed to have changed. Congratulations, you have surpassed me.”
Ling Qingzhu slightly pursed her red lips. Soon after, she softly mocked herself. “Teacher told me that my proud character is akin to a lotus on the tall mountains. However, this is practically an aphrodisiac to men. This is because the thing that a man loves to do the most, is to subdue a tall mountain that they cannot reach. As for you... you have been thinking of how to subdue me since the very beginning, right?”
“However, you are indeed very strong. Given your current strength, it will be very easy to subdue me.”
Ling Qingzhu stared at Lin Dong. Her eyes were slightly red and her face contained a look of self-mockery. How could Lin Dong understand the emotions in her heart? She was aware of the first impression she had given Lin Dong. At that time, the searing passion and stubbornness in the latter’s eyes made her understand that she had become his target, like a wolf cub looking up at a sunflower on a tall cliff. Hence, he had to overcome all the obstacles in his way and did his best to progress.
Many years had passed since then. When they met again, the young man was already very different. Although he had yet to reach a level that could shock her, she began to pay attention to this figure due to the relationship between them. After which, they met in the Unique Devil Region. When they were at the Supreme Purity Celestial Pond, ripples finally emerged in her usually calm heart.
The blood-soaked figure’s valiant struggle during the earthshaking fight at Unique Devil City had caused her heart to shiver a little. However, she managed to suppress it with the extraordinary strength of her heart. She ultimately ended up as an onlooker whose heart was beating the most rapidly, and did not lend him a helping hand. It was not because she did not wish to, but because she believed that he would not simply fail in such a manner. She believed that he would be truly powerful the next time he returned to the Eastern Xuan Region.
Reality had turned out exactly as she had envisioned. However, when he truly stood in front of her in an incomparably dazzling manner, she began to feel that he was somewhat foreign. The wolf cub from back then had finally arrived in front of the sunflower atop the tall cliff.
However, this was merely a kind of subjugation.
Perhaps, he would never have thought that the girl from back then, who was as high up and untouchable as a fairy in his eyes back then, would unknowingly use such an undetectable method to pay attention to his once lowly self.
She had never uttered his name even when her teacher questioned her incessantly.
Even though she was aware that he did not have any status, she mysteriously headed to the small Great Yan Empire after he left and paid her respects to his parents in a gentle manner that she had never shown before.
Even though she was aware that he did not lack her attention, she still quietly remained in Dao Sect until he got through his crisis, before she finally left in a silent manner.
She was aware of Ying Huanhuan. Back then in Unique Devil City, she had witnessed what this girl had done for him. The latter dared to love and hate. This character caused Ling Qingzhu to be a little envious. However, the two of them were ultimately different. Ling Qingzhu was a lotus flower that kept to herself, hiding everything deep within her aloof heart that no one could touch.
Perhaps, it was because of this that Lin Dong ultimately had the mentality of trying to subdue her as opposed to the pure feelings that she wished for.
Lin Dong was startled as he looked at the red-eyed Linh Qingzhu before him. At this moment, Ling Qingzhu was displaying a weakness that he had never witnessed before. The outer shell-like aloofness and indifference seemed to have finally completely melted away, and he could now sense the waves surging within the latter’s heart.
Lin Dong was quiet. A moment later, he finally slowly extended his hand in an attempt to wipe off the tears on her face. However, she lightly dodged him and wiped them off herself. Her expression once again became indifferent. It was as if the earlier scene had been an illusion.
“It is not that I wish to subdue. My thought process was rather simple in the past. It was to let you look at me in a different light. I only wished to prove that your opinion of me in the past was wrong.” Lin Dong was quiet for a moment, before he softly sighed. His tone was gentle.
Ling Qingzhu turned her head slightly, but did not look at him.
“I was also aware of the gap between us back then. Even though such a thing had happened, I also understood that I was a mere toad lusting after the meat of a swan. However, a lowly toad like myself did have a little ambition. I hoped that when I could finally stand in front of you again, I would be able to face you directly instead of looking up at you like back then.”
“I… at that time, I only wished to stand before you as an equal.” Lin Dong slowly said.
Ling Qingzhu’s delicate figure shook slightly upon hearing Lin Dong’s words. After which, she slowly turned her head and looked at Lin Dong. At this moment, a smile had already emerged on the latter’s face. However, this smile was filled with fatigue. He had similarly strived for many years for that simple desire.
Ling Qingzhu gently clenched her hands.
“I say all this only because I hope to let you know that I am not like what you have imagined; wanting to completely subdue you and enjoy the perverted joy from such a subjugation. I merely wish… to be your equal. Do you understand? Otherwise, I would not have immediately hurried to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace the moment I heard that there was trouble.” Lin Dong said in a hoarse voice. A long time ago, he really did wish to surpass her. However, did he really not feel any other emotions besides that? This was something that he was well aware of in his heart.
Ling Qingzhu gently bit her red lips. A long while later, she lightly nodded. A faint acknowledgement was heard from under the veil.
Next, the both of them became silent. However, this silence no longer had the stifling feeling that was present at the start. Ling Qingzhu stood there in an elegant manner as she lowered her head and looked at the longsword she was holding in her hand. Although her demeanor was as aloof as before, there was an additional trace of liveliness compared to before.
Giggles suddenly sounded from afar, causing Ling Qingzhu to be startled. She lifted her head to look at Lin Dong and said, “I am going to return to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace.”
“Oh.”
Lin Dong was dazed. “Has Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace been rebuilt? Everything should be okay right?”
“Yes. Although teacher died, the many elders in the palace had fortunately only sustained severe injuries, and are now mostly recovered. However, I am now the new palace master.” Ling Qingzhu nodded and said.
Lin Dong sighed softly in his heart. Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace had undergone a drastic change during this period of time. The palace was destroyed and the palace master had died. All responsibility had fallen onto Ling Qingzhu. However, she had never shown any weakness or complaint, but instead quietly shouldered these burdens. At times, this strength really made one’s heart ache.
“Take this jade. Shatter it if you encounter any problems and I will immediately hurry over.” Lin Dong handed over a piece of black jade and said.
Ling Qingzhu hesitated for a moment. Finally, she received it and gently held it in her hand. A faint warmth emanated from it.
“In that case… I will take my leave.” Ling Qingzhu glanced at Lin Dong and said.
“Aye.”
Lin Dong smiled and nodded. However, Ling Qingzhu had only taken two steps when a voice suddenly sounded from behind. “Wait! He still wishes to ask you why you possess the fluctuation of the Symbol Ancestor.”
This sudden voice caused Ling Qingzhu to be stunned. After which, she turned around, only to see a light figure drifting out from Lin Dong’s body. Next, Lin Dong’s face turned completely black.





 Chapter 1226: Zenith Sensing Art
Lin Dong’s face was black as he looked at Yan, who had come out as he pleased. Lin Dong grabbed at the latter as he gritted his teeth and said, “Yan, you asshole!”
Yan dodged Lin Dong’s hand and helplessly said, “You are really as stubborn as a rock. If I don’t say anything, you would never have asked.”
“You meddle far too much!” Lin Dong clenched his teeth together in anger. He attempted to grab Yan a couple of times, but a sheathed longsword suddenly swept in front of him and stopped Lin Dong just as he was about to grab Yan.
Ling Qingzhu glanced at Lin Dong. After which, she looked at Yan, frowned and asked, “Who are you?”
“I am the Ancestral Stone Spirit. I have always been in this fellow’s body.” Yan’s eyes paused on Ling Qingzhu. His gaze looked straight at her. This was not due to Ling Qingzhu’s appearance. Instead, it was due to the extremely faint but unforgettable ripple from her that only he could detect.
“Hey, where are you looking?” Lin Dong stepped forward and blocked Yan’s gaze. His expression was unfriendly.
“No matter how beautiful a woman is, she would be nothing but a skeleton in my eyes. What are you being jealous for?” Yan glanced at Lin Dong and rudely said.
Lin Dong felt his face flush and glared at Yan.
Ling Qingzhu was a little amused as she glanced at Lin Dong. After which, she asked Yan, “Why do you know that I have a ripple similar to the Symbol Ancestor?”
“The Symbol Ancestor is my first owner. I am naturally extremely familiar with this fluctuation.” Yan smiled and said.
Only then did Ling Qingzhu lightly nod. She tilted her head slightly as her clear eyes stared at Lin Dong and asked, “Do you wish to know why I have such a fluctuation?”
Lin Dong hesitated for a moment under Ling Qingzhu’s gaze, which seemed to be able to look straight into his heart. He was ultimately unable to give a direct answer. This caused Yan to be inwardly irritated. This little fellow was usually extremely decisive. Yet, he became extremely hesitant when it came to these two women. Was romance really so troublesome?
Although Lin Dong did not reply her directly, Ling Qingzhu was extremely intelligent. She slowly retracted her gaze and was quiet for a moment. Finally, she said, “Every palace master and the successor of our Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace has practiced a mysterious martial art called the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ since young. This martial art does not have any combat capabilities and cannot be used to battle our enemies. However, it is compulsory.”
“Zenith Sensing Art?” Lin Dong and Yan were stunned. They exchanged a glance. It was clear that neither of them had heard of it.
“This martial art is extremely profound. Countless predecessors of our Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace have been unable to attain any progress despite using their entire life to study it. However, due to the rules of the palace, we have never given up.”
“Moreover, practising this martial art requires one to be pure of mind and body. Hence, the practitioner must… be a virgin. Otherwise, the art will be broken.” An astringent expression flashed across Ling Qingzhu’s eyes when she spoke until this point. Her eyes glanced at Lin Dong, causing the latter’s back to be covered in perspiration. This meant that one time back then had ridiculously destroyed ten years of Ling Qingzhu’s bitter training? No wonder she hated him to the point of wanting to kill him back then.
“But now… you seem to have successfully mastered it?” Yan looked at Ling Qingzhu and asked in surprise.
Ling Qingzhu nodded slightly and said, “Back then, teacher was exceptionally furious when she learnt that all my hard work was ruined. However, in the subsequent eight years, my proficiency in the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ grew at an increasing rate. Some time ago, teacher used her life and the help of many elders to allow me to successfully master the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’. It was also at that time… that my body gained a trace of the so called fluctuation similar to that of the Symbol Ancestor.”
“This power is indeed very formidable. Although I am only at the Samsara stage, if I was to use this power, it will be difficult even for those Samsara stage experts who have touched Reincarnation to stop me.”
Yan nodded. He had saw Ling Qingzhu break open the Devil Feast World, which the Tian Yuanzi had created from their self-destruction, with a slash. Such power might appear inconspicuous, but it was extremely frightening.
Yan looked at Lin Dong. Seeing that Lin Dong did not react, he involuntarily coughed dryly in his a resentful manner. Where had the usual quick wittedness of this fellow gone?
A powerless feeling swept over Lin Dong after hearing the dry cough. He was naturally aware of what Yan wanted him to do. However… damnit. How could he bring himself to utter those words?
Therefore, he could only choose to ignore Yan’s reminder. He laughed dryly and said, “It is already quite late. Su Rou and the others are still waiting for you.”
Ling Qingzhu glanced indifferently at Lin Dong. She had clearly seen the expressions of Lin Dong and Yan. Given her intelligence, she was naturally aware of the thoughts in their hearts.
“Then I shall take my leave.”
Ling Qingzhu nodded after seeing that Lin Dong had nothing to say. After which, she turned around decisively. Her graceful figure revealed her tempting curves in front of Lin Dong’s eyes.
“You are really far too disappointing!” Yan involuntarily scolded when he saw that Ling Qingzhu was about to leave.
Lin Dong felt a lot more relaxed in his heart as he watched Ling Qingzhu’s figure. He waved his hand towards Yan and laughed, “Why do you need to be so persistent. There are countless paths in this world. I do not believe that there are no other methods to catch up with the Ice Master. Let’s go. We should also return.”
Lin Dong was just about to turn around as he spoke. However, he was suddenly stopped by Yan. After which, the latter pointed to their front. Lin Dong raised his head and saw that Ling Qingzhu had stopped. Soon after, she slowly turned around. The sunlight shone on her, emphasizing her enchanting curves. Her long eyelashes moved slightly and the expression in her eyes changed. Finally, she stared at Lin Dong and asked, “Do you wish to learn this ‘Zenith Sensing Art’?”
Lin Dong blankly stared at Ling Qingzhu. In the end, he let out a long sigh. If he kept being unreasonable, it would not fit his character at all. He immediately nodded and obediently answered, “Yes.”
Ling Qingzhu remained where she stood. She gently bit her red lips as she looked at Lin Dong, while her hand gripped her sword scabbard a little harder. There was a struggle in her eyes. This continued for a long time, before she finally sighed softly in her heart as if she had come to a decision.
“Will you be going outside during this period of time?” Ling Qingzhu asked.
Lin Dong was stunned by these rather strange words. After which, he nodded and said, “I will be heading to the Northern Xuan Region to bring Qingtan back.”
“In that case, I will accompany you.” Ling Qingzhu thought for a moment and said.
“Ah?” Lin Dong was stunned. “Can you really? You are after all the palace master of Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace.”
“There are many elders in the palace. It doesn’t matter if I leave for some time.” Ling Qingzhu had an indifferent expression. Her clear eyes looked at Lin Dong as she said, “But you must promise me something.”
“What is it?”
“Do not ask me anything related to the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ from now onwards. If I believe that the time is right, I will try and see if I can let you learn it.” Ling Qingzhu said in a faint voice.
“This is a tightly guarded secret of your Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace. Will it…” Lin Dong hesitated for a moment before speaking.
“I am currently the palace master of Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace. Moreover, you are a big benefactor of our Nine Heaven Supreme Purity Palace. It is likely that the other elders will not object.”
Lin Dong looked at Ling Qingzhu’s extremely calm expression. Finally, he lightly nodded and said, “Alright, I promise.”
“Other than that…” Lin Dong paused. Soon after, he gritted his teeth slightly and said, “Do you know why I want to learn this ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ from you?”
Ling Qingzhu’s clear eyes stared at Lin Dong. She softly said, “Everyone has to make their own choices. You have chosen to look for me, and I have chosen to teach you the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’.”
“I do not need a reason.”
“I will ask Su Rou and the others to go ahead and return.”
Ling Qingzhu did not wait for Lin Dong’s reply after she finished speaking. She turned around and left the forest. Lin Dong felt a little stunned as he looked at her figure. In the end, he let out a long sigh. Did she intend to make him feel terribly guilty… 
“Ugh, you are really extremely lucky. It is fortunate that it is you. Otherwise, we can forget about obtaining this ‘Zenith Sensing Art’...” Yan watched from the side as he sighed. The ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ was clearly a tightly guarded secret of Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace. Even if someone else had done a great favor for Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace, they would definitely not take out something of such importance.
Moreover, Ling Qingzhu was extremely intelligent. She had clearly guessed the reason Lin Dong wanted to learn the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’. However, she did not comment about it.
This girl really likes to silently endure and stubbornly keep everything to herself. This feeling was just like drinking water. Only the person would know if it is hot or cold.
“The most difficult thing to repay in this world is the debt of feelings.” Yan patted Lin Dong’s shoulder and said.
Lin Dong was silent. His heart was plagued by complicated emotions. After which, he walked forward and coincidentally saw Ling Qingzhu saying something to Su Rou. The latter held the former’s hand with a bright smile. From Lin Dong’s angle, he could see the tips of Ling Qingzhu’s tender ears turn red.
“Big brother Lin Dong, we will be leaving senior sister in your care. Please help us take good care of her.” Su Rou waved her small hand towards Lin Dong and said in a lovely voice.
However, Ling Qingzhu’s sword scabbard knocked onto her forehead with embarrassed anger. This caused some pain to appear on Su Rou’s small face.
The group of young ladies from Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace joked around and teased Ling Qingzhu for a while. Finally, their lovely laughter gradually became distant. The clear laughter continued to echo in the mountain forest.
Ling Qingzhu watched them leave. Only then did she turn around and arrive in front of Lin Dong. She asked, “When do you plan to leave?”
“Tomorrow. I will return first to notify them.” Lin Dong pondered for a while. Now that there were no problems in Dao Sect, he should hurry and head to the Northern Xuan Region to bring Qingtan back.
“Okay.” Ling Qingzhu nodded gently and did not speak any further. Lin Dong turned around after seeing this and the both of them returned to Dao Sect.
They coincidentally met Ying Xiaoxiao after returning to Dao Sect. The latter’s eyes involuntarily became somewhat strange when she saw the both of them. However, she did not comment, and Lin Dong did not explain anything either. He merely asked Ying Xiaoxiao to arrange for Ling Qingzhu’s accommodation, before heading straight to Ying Xuanzi to inform the latter that he had to leave for the time being. Ying Xuanzi was a little surprised, but did not voice any objection. He only instructed Lin Dong to be careful. After all, the world was currently not at peace.
After which, Lin Dong headed to the back mountain and informed Ying Huanhuan. The latter agreed when she heard that Lin Dong was planning to bring Qingtan back. She was acquainted with Qingtan and the both of them had a relatively good relationship. She wanted to follow Lin Dong but her current condition was unsuitable. Hence, she could only regretfully remain in Dao Sect.
Lin Dong looked at a distant mountain after coming out from the back mountain. He pondered a little, before instruction a disciple to bring two jars of good wine. After which, he carried it to that particular mountain. On the mountain peak, he saw a red haired figure seated on a rock.





 Chapter 1227: Chat on a Mountain Top
A man wearing golden robes was sitting quietly on a cliff. Even from a great distance away, it was possible to detect the ancient ripples radiating from his body.
Lin Dong slowly walked over. Meanwhile, that figure had also detected his presence, as he immediately turned around and glanced at Lin Dong with a calm expression.
Lin Dong sat down on a rock beside the Flame Master. After which, he swung the wine jars in his hand before he tossed one over. The Flame Master caught it and played around with it, before he faintly asked, “Why? Are you no longer upset?”
“What is the point?” Lin Dong sighed softly, while he looked at the mountain behind Dao Sect. Currently, cold aura was being slowly emitted from that place, causing that entire mountain top to become covered with frost.
The Flame Master followed his line of sight and looked over as well. Then, he was silent for a moment before he said, “I acted behind your backs this time around, and it was indeed a shameful deed and perhaps even a little unfair to you and… Ying Huanhuan. Hence, it is only natural for you to be upset. However, even if I could go back in time, I would do it again.”
“During the ancient great world war, teacher ignited his Reincarnation in order to seal the crack between the planes. Only then, did he end that calamity. However, those Yimo were indeed extremely difficult to deal with. Although we tried our best to kill all of them, many of them still managed to escape. Moreover, there were a few powerful Yimo that were able to match up to us, and force us into a situation whereby we would both be injured. In fact, even though the Yimo were ultimately forced to retreat, we were also forced to enter a slumber or to enter Reincarnation.”
“Currently, teacher is no longer around. If the world descends into chaos once again, little junior sister is our only hope. After all, teacher once said that little junior sister has the highest chance of reaching his level. Therefore, all of us are willing to sacrifice our lives to protect her. Even though we were all seriously injured, we did not object at all when teacher chose to use his final strength to protect her through Reincarnation.”
Lin Dong remained silent. After all, he already knew about this. This was also the reason why the Devouring Master ended up igniting his own Reincarnation. Otherwise, that extremely talented and blessed genius would not have died.
“The countless lives in this world will only be saved if little junior sister is able to reach teacher’s cultivation level. This is the only way we can stop the Yimo’s invasion.” The Flame Master opened his jar of wine before he took a big mouthful and said faintly.
“In order for this to happen, we will use all our strength and even… any underhanded means.”
Lin Dong remained silent. Following which, he took a mouthful of that pungent and intense wine. Then, he shook his wine jar and said, “You people have noble intentions. In this regard, I am indeed lacking compared to you. However, this is not a competition that I wish to be a part of. I have fought my way and slowly climbed up from a small place, and I have also been through a lot. The reason why I am training and working hard is simple. I only want to protect those whom I wish to protect. As long as I can prevent them from getting hurt, I don’t care even if I end up riddled with injuries.”
“Perhaps you will say that the Yimo’s invasion is an extremely severe matter that affects the entire world. Therefore, should we lose the war, there is no way that I will be able to protect those that I care about. That is indeed true. Therefore, in order to protect them, I will not hesitate even if I have to fight to the death with the Yimo. Honestly speaking, I have been fighting with the Yimo through various means over the years. However… there is ultimately a difference.”
“I am not asking her to give up on that duty… It’s just that I was thinking that perhaps, I will be able to shoulder that burden. In that way, she will no longer have to carry that heavy burden, which could cause one to collapse.”
With a self mocking laughter, Lin Dong continued, “I never thought that I was qualified to become the saviour of the world. I am just an ordinary person, someone who will act selfishly and impulsively at times. However, I am willing to pay any price to protect those that I care about.”
The Flame Master looked at Lin Dong, who was mocking himself. It was a long while later before he shook his head gently and said, “Only she can shoulder that burden. No one else can do it.”
“Why? Is it because of what the Symbol Ancestor once said?” Lin Dong smiled. Under the illumination of the sunlight, he looked exceptionally determined. After which, he said, “There are no absolutes in this world. Even if the odds are stacked against me, I will never give up.”
The Flame Master gently swayed his wine jar. Meanwhile, his expression suddenly became a little complicated as he looked at Lin Dong and said, “Although in my opinion, I feel that your mindset is a little naive, I admire your courage. Once upon a time, I had the same mindset as well. After all, I fancied her and also wanted to help her to shoulder that responsibility. However, I eventually gave up.”
The Flame Master had a somewhat bitter expression at this moment. He softly said, “Ultimately, I chose to give up in the face of such responsibility. This was because I felt that I did not possess the ability to shoulder it. Haha, frankly, it is because I lack the courage. Everything else is merely an excuse. At times, I do admire your perseverance. Though your actions may seem reckless, at the very least, it leaves you with no regrets…”
Lin Dong looked at the Flame Master’s bitter expression before he gradually descended into silence. Then, he silently gulped two mouthfuls of wine from the wine jar in his hand.
The bitter expression on the Flame Master’s face quickly disappeared. Then, he glanced at Lin Dong and said, “Ultimately, our desires will not change the situation. However, since you are so confident in yourself, you should use your own abilities to prove it. We only have one opportunity and it will be reserved for little junior sister. As of now, you are not qualified to compete with her.”
Lin Dong held onto his jar of wine. He knew that it was currently impossible for him to convince the Flame Master. After all, the two of them had completely opposite standpoints. He wanted to protect Ying Huanhuan, while the Flame Master wanted to awaken the Ice Master. However, the both of them could not coexist. Ultimately, a decision would have to be made.
In order to change their opinion, Lin Dong must prove to the Flame Master and the rest, that he could surpass the Ice Master. However, this path was destined to be a treacherous one.
“Are you heading out?” The Flame Master suddenly asked.
“Aye, I will be going to the Northern Xuan Region.”
“Go. I will be standing guard. Moreover, as long as she is here, I will not stand by idly if anything occurs.” The Flame Master said.
“Thank you very much.” Lin Dong nodded and said.
“This is my duty. I will do it even if you didn’t ask.”
The Flame Master shook his head. Then, he stood up and looked at the back mountain, which was now permeated by cold aura. Following which, a gentle expression surfaced in his eyes as he said, “Actually, I really want to thank you… Haha, it has been so many years since I saw little junior sister smile like that. She has been eerily calm since young and it was as though she never had any emotions.”
“After looking at her smile, I can understand why you would want to do everything in your power to protect her…”
“Although I can empathize with you, reality is cruel.” The Flame Master waved his hand and sighed, “Go. Though we had a long chat, after my actual body arrives, I will still do what needs to be done. At that time, perhaps fighting will be the most direct way.”
Lin Dong smiled. He nodded heavily and said, “Being able to fight with you Ancient Masters is my honor. However, even if I have to risk my life, I will not allow any of you to snatch her away.”
“Haha, you got guts. I look forward to that day.”
The Flame Master turned around. Then, he shook his wine jar at Lin Dong. When Lin Dong saw his action, he immediately laughed out loud. Following which, he finished his jar of wine, before he tossed it aside and left with a loud laugh. 
The Flame Master looked at Lin Dong’s back, which was disappearing into the distance. Then, he sighed softly and muttered, “Hopefully, you will continue to persevere on like this. In that case, you will not have any regrets even if you fail…”
Suddenly, a stream of cold aura surged onto the cliff. The Flame Master gently tilted his head, before he looked at that alluring figure, who had suddenly appeared on the rock that Lin Dong was previously seated on. However, he did not speak. All he did, was to drink from the wine jar in his hand.
Ying Huanhuan did not speak to him as well. Instead, her eyes looked at Lin Dong’s distant figure, before she gently picked up the wine jar that he had tossed aside. Then, she lifted her snow white neck before she gently sipped the remaining wine.
“With such a fool protecting you, it’s no wonder you refuse to awaken.”
The Flame Master finally sighed. He stared at Ying Huanhuan and smiled bitterly, “However, you should be aware… that ultimately nothing will change. He cannot shoulder that burden. Moreover, do you wish for him to experience such hardship?”
Ying Huanhuan did not reply him. Instead, she gently folded her long legs and hugged her knees with her arms. Lowering her head, she buried her head between her knees. Meanwhile, her icy blue hair was scattered like a blooming ice lotus.
Currently, it looked like her delicate figure was trembling gently. Soon after, icy cold tears fell. Those tears turned into ice flowers the moment they landed on the ground. Finally, a hoarse voice was emitted from beneath her long icy blue hair.
“I know… I will accept everything that belongs to me. However… I, I just really like him so much.”
The Flame Master looked at that figure, which continued to tremble. Even with his mental fortitude, he could still feel a slight bitter sensation churning within. However, he could only sit at the side and watch quietly. Just like many years ago; laughing at how helpless he was. 
The setting sun shrouded the cliff. Snowflakes formed before they slowly drifted downwards. It was a tragic sight to behold. 
　　……
The next day.
Even before the first ray of sunlight touched the ground, Lin Dong had already left. He did not alert anyone. However, by the time he arrived at the entrance of Dao Sect, there was already a lovely figure wearing a white dress quietly standing there.
“You are early.” Lin Dong smiled towards Ling Qingzhu and said.
“It is going to be a long journey to the Northern Xuan Region. The sooner we leave, the sooner we can come back.” Ling Qingzhu was still holding a longsword in her hand. Meanwhile, her clear bright eyes looked at Lin Dong as she said.
“Let’s go.”
Lin Dong nodded. After which, he turned around and glanced at Dao Sect, before he sighed. After which, without hesitation, he waved his hand and turned around in a free and easy manner. Finally, his body moved before he transformed into a ray of light and shot across the sky.
When she saw this, Ling Qingzhu also transformed into a ray of light and quickly followed behind.
As the two of them left, there seemed to be a figure looking at them from afar at the back mountain of Dao Sect, which was now permeated by cold aura. That figure was just like a stone statue as she did not move for a very long time.
Then, a cold aura surged and covered her entire body.





 Chapter 1228: Tens of Thousands of Mountains
The Xuan Region was divided into four regions. North, south, east and west. Every region was extremely vast and all of them were distinct worlds. Moreover, although all four regions were on the same continent, they were extremely far apart. Furthermore, the Xuan Region had tens of thousands of mountains that meandered from the south to the north, appearing like a huge crouching dragon, and it split the four regions apart. In addition, trying to navigate through these tens of thousands of huge mountains was not something an ordinary expert was capable of.
The Eastern Xuan Region and the Northern Xuan Region were separated by those mountains, and even fairly skilled individuals had to take two to three months in order to cross this border. Moreover, this was on the assumption that they were lucky enough not to run into the various ferocious demonic beasts within these mountains.
Moreover, those tens of thousands of large mountains were covered by fog, that was formed from natural Yuan Power, all year round. Therefore, if an unskilled individual tried to cross through, it was likely that he would only wound up getting lost before he will become one of the countless set of white skeletons within those large mountains.
Even Lin Dong was a little troubled by this journey. Fortunately, he was extremely powerful now and he could still tolerate it. However, when he thought about how that lass girl Qingtan had travelled all the way from the distant Northern Xuan Region to look for him with 
her puny strength, he involuntarily felt a heartache.
As Lin Dong wanted to find Qingtan as quickly as possible, he boldly charged through the tens of thousands of large mountains. After which, he roughly gauged his direction before he and Ling Qingzhu immediately travelled at full speed. Their efficiency naturally exceeds that of an ordinary person.
Nonetheless, no matter how efficient they were, it was impossible to travel through the tens of thousands of large mountains within a short two to three days. Furthermore, this was something that Lin Dong knew as well. Therefore, after rushing at the initial stages, he gradually regained his cool. After all, he knew that it was pointless to be anxious at this moment.
They had a relatively peaceful journey over the past two days. Along the way, Ling Qingzhu merely followed quietly behind Lin Dong. After all, she had a cold character and even when facing Lin Dong, she had little to say. However, perhaps he was mistaken, but Lin Dong clearly felt that Ling Qingzhu’s typically clear and bright eyes seemed to have became a little absent-minded compared to before.
　　……
Amidst the foggy mountain range, a bonfire was burning. Meanwhile, a beautiful lady wearing a snow white dress was sitting quietly beside the bonfire, while her longsword leaned on her body. Occasionally, her clear and bright eyes would glance at the distant darkness.
Swoosh.
A faint rushing wind sound appeared in the distance. After which, a figure appeared beside the bonfire. Then, Lin Dong patted off the dead leaves on his body before he smiled at Ling Qingzhu and said, “The fog is far too dense. I’m afraid that we can’t travel at night. Therefore, let’s camp here for tonight.”
The natural Yuan Power in these large mountains would become increasingly dense at night. Due to this fog, even one’s Mental Energy would be obstructed. Therefore, the Lin Dong duo chose to stop travelling at night.
Ling Qingzhu merely acknowledged softly.
Lin Dong looked at her. Only then, did he realize that she was using one of her snow white hands to grill meat over the bonfire. This discovery caused Lin Dong to be stunned. After all, he had only saw Ling Qingzhu’s cold and ethereal moments. However, when he saw a fairy like beauty like her doing such a mundane task… even if that grilled meat was a little burnt… 
At the same time, Ling Qingzhu seemed to have detected Lin Dong’s gaze as well. Immediately, her face became a little red. After which, she withdrew her jade like hand silently, before she gripped the longsword leaning on her body.
Lin Dong laughed. Then, he sat down beside the bonfire, before he pointed at the grilled meat and asked, “Is this for me?”
Ling Qingzhu did not reply. All she did was to lower her head and look at the longsword in her hand.
When Lin Dong saw this, he directly extended his arm and took that grilled meat. After which, he took a bite, before he muttered to himself, “A little burnt.”
Clang.
A cold gleaming sword was suddenly unsheathed from a part of its scabbard. Immediately, that sharp aura even caused the bonfire to dim significantly.
Lin Dong’s hand stiffened slightly. After which, he looked at Ling Qingzhu, who was playing with her longsword with her head lowered. Even up till now, her expression had hardly changed.   Finally, he involuntarily laughed, “But it’s pretty delicious.”
After Lin Dong spoke, he quickly swallowed the grilled meat into his belly. Then, he wiped off the grease on the corner of his lips and said, “It’s truly a rare treat to be able to eat grilled meat cooked by you. If it was eight years ago, I would have definitely said that this was impossible.”
Ling Qingzhu finally lifted her head after hearing his words. She glared at him and said, “Don’t say such spiteful words. As of now, you are no longer that young man eight years ago, who had to hide and endure in order to deal with Lin Langtian. Your accomplishments have been earned through your own hardwork and effort. Although I never said this before, I do respect you. This is because I know that if I was in your shoes, I wouldn’t be able to do some of the things that you did.”
Lin Dong stared in shock at Ling Qingzhu. The light from the bonfire illuminated her gorgeous face, which was covered by a veil, causing her to look extremely alluring. Then, he involuntarily parted his lips, before a rare prideful and satisfied sensation emerged from deep within his heart and extended to his limbs. After all, it was truly difficult to get the arrogant Ling Qingzhu to utter such words.
“Are you admitting that you have misjudged me in the past?” Lin Dong recovered his senses before he immediately tried to push his luck.
When Ling Qingzhu saw that Lin Dong was trying to push his luck, she felt that the situation was a little comical. After all, she saw how fearsome and courageous the latter was when up against powerful foes like Yuan Gate. However, this was the first time she ever saw him acting in such a childish manner. Nevertheless, when she saw Lin Dong’s childish actions, a gentle expression surged into her cold eyes. Finally, she nodded her head gently and satisfied Lin Dong’s attempt to push his luck.
When he saw this, Lin Dong involuntarily laughed out loud. It seemed like he was in quite a good mood. Upon seeing this, Ling Qingzhu helpless glanced at him before she stopped speaking. After which, her body moved before she leapt onto a tree. Then, she sat down, shut her eyes and went into a training state.
On the other hand, Lin Dong leaned on a tree trunk before he stared at Ling Qingzhu. After which, he slowly shut his eyes before he started to recuperate. He realized that something was different about Ling Qingzhu ever since they entered these great mountains, and she was no longer as unapproachable as before. Meanwhile, with regards to the Zenith Sensing Art, Lin Dong never brought up that topic again, while Ling Qingzhu never took the initiative to ask as well. In fact, it appeared as though the both of them did not know about that matter.
With regards to this situation, Lin Dong was not disappointed by it. In fact, it seemed like he felt relieved deep within his heart. 
　　……
The mountain range with tens of thousands of mountains was extremely vast. The Lin Dong duo continued to venture deeper into the mountain range. Though there were many demonic beasts in this mountain range, and some of them were exceptionally powerful, they were largely comparable to those top experts in the Demon Region. Hence, the Lin Dong duo were not disturbed by them. Clearly, the demonic beasts in this mountain range were able to detect just how powerful they were, and knew that it was best not to provoke them.
Even though they were not disturbed by demonic beasts, the Lin Dong duo finally came to a stop after travelling for five days. This was because they realized that they were lost… 
Lin Dong was standing on top of a large tree, while his eyes looked into the horizon. However, the dense, almost viscous Yuan Power fog drastically reduced his visibility. If not for the fact that Lin Dong still had his Mental Energy, it was likely impossible for them to continue their journey. 
Lin Dong shook his head helpless. Then, he rushed down the tree and shook his head towards Ling Qingzhu and said, “There is no other choice. All we can do is to try walking around randomly. If that doesn’t work out, I will use the Spatial Ancestral Symbol to directly tear the empty space apart. Although I do not know where that will lead us to, it is ultimately better than randomly roaming around here.”
As the both of them were skillful and bold individuals, they did not follow the prescribed path to travel through these large mountains. Instead, they chose the shortest and most direct route. It was also why they ended up in this predicament today.
Although they were in a little trouble, it would not give them too much of a headache. After all, if they were truly stuck, Lin Dong could borrow the strength of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol and tear the empty space apart. However, since he had never been to the Northern Xuan Region, it was naturally impossible for him to directly tear the empty space and head over there.
Of course, it might be a different story if he could completely utilize the strength of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. However, the Spatial Ancestral Symbol belonged to Zhou Tong and the latter had yet to fully awaken. Moreover, Lin Dong could not bring himself to refine the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
“Aye.”
Ling Qingzhu nodded. She quickly walked forward before Lin Dong followed closely behind. Then, they furrowed their brows as they observed their surroundings.
The both of them continued travelling for half a day in this manner. However, the surrounding Yuan Power fog showed no signs of scattering and this caused them to feel somewhat helpless. Lin Dong was just thinking about whether he ought to use the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, when the both of them suddenly came to a halt. After which, their eyes contained some surprise and joy as they looked towards their right.
　　……
A delicate small figure was running miserably within the dense fog. Currently, her body was riddled with injuries. As she ran, fresh blood continuously dripped down from her body and dyed the ground red.
“Swoosh swoosh!”
As she ran, rushing wind sounds closely followed behind. After which, over a dozen black figures quickly followed behind. Meanwhile, dark and cold murderous desires were spreading from within their bodies.
Swoosh!
A black light suddenly rushed over from behind before it mercilessly shot straight towards the leg of that figure in front. A painful cry sounded before that figure in front tumbled miserably. After which, she hurriedly supported her body. Then, her eyes were filled with despair as she looked at the dozen over figures, who had appeared in front of her with lightning like speed. Finally, she clenched her teeth and said, “You traitors. The palace master will never let you off!”
“She can’t even save herself. How can she possibly deal with us?” Among the dozen over black figures, one of them chuckled and said. Soon after, a ferocious glint flashed across his eyes before he threw a palm forward. Immediately, vast and mighty Yuan Power smashed ruthlessly towards that delicate small figure.
When she saw this, that young lady’s face turned ashen while despair filled her eyes. However, at her most desperate moment, a rushing wind sound suddenly appeared. After which, a skinny figure appeared in front of her in a phantom like fashion, before that sharp attack vanished with a wave of his sleeve.
This sudden development caused everyone to be startled. The young lady looked at the man in front in a startled manner. After which, she saw the latter turn around, before he smiled at her and said, “Little girl. If I help you to get rid of them, will you guide us to the Northern Xuan Region?”
The young lady immediately rejoiced upon hearing this. Soon after, she appeared to have recalled something as she hurriedly said, “Elder, thank you very much. However, could you also rescue my big brother Chen Gui?”
“Chen Gui?”
The man in front was startled when he heard that somewhat familiar name. Soon after, with a tinge of shock, he asked that young lady, “Are you from Darkness Palace?”





 Chapter 1229: Meeting Chen Gui Again
The young lady was stunned after hearing Lin Dong’s words. She hesitated for a moment, before she clenched her teeth and nodded.
“What about them?” Lin Dong glanced at the dozen black figures staring at him with dark and cold eyes.
“They are also from Darkness Palace.”
Lin Dong involuntarily frowned upon hearing this.
“Lad, who are you? How dare you interfere in the matter of my Darkness Palace! If you are wise, scram immediately. Else, there will be trouble.” At this moment, the dozen black figures finally recovered. They sternly glared at Lin Dong and loudly cried out.
“Elder, please rescue senior brother Chen Gui.” The young lady hurriedly pleaded.
“Ha ha, relax. Chen Gui and I are acquaintances. I will naturally save him.” Lin Dong smilingly said. Back then, it was thanks to Chen Gui’s protection that Qingtan had managed to come to the Eastern Xuan Region. Since they met today, he would naturally not stand idly and do nothing.”
The young lady sighed in relief upon hearing this. Although she was aware of just how difficult it was to rescue Chen Gui from those fellows, she had no choice but to seek help from anyone in such a crisis.
“You really overestimate yourself. Kill him!” Cold light flashed within the eyes of the dozen figures when they saw that Lin Dong insisted on intervening. Their bodies moved and the rushed towards him with lightning speed. However, just as they were about to draw their swords, a sharp sword glow suddenly swept out from depths of the dense fog. The dozen black figures suddenly stiffened. A faint bloody line appeared on their throats and all of them collapsed onto the ground.
The sudden turn of events occurred in the blink of an eye. Before that young lady could exhale, she was dumbstruck as she watched the experts from Darkness Palace being finished off in such an easy manner.
A pretty figure slowly walked out from the dense fog. Ling Qingzhu did not look at the corpses on the ground. Longsword in hand, she quietly arrived beside Lin Dong.
“Young lady, what is your name?” Lin Dong looked at the stunned young lady and smilingly asked.
“Elder… fairy sister…” The young lady glanced at Lin Dong somewhat timidly. After which, she looked at the fairy like Ling Qingzhu standing beside him. Amazement flashed across her eyes as she said, “I am Mu Sha.”
“I am Lin Dong. She is Ling Qingzhu. Could you lead us to rescue your senior brother Chen Gui now?” Lin Dong gently smiled and said.
Joy surged in Mu Sha’s eyes when she heard this. She hesitated slightly as she said, “But elder Lin Dong…”
“Call me big brother Lin Dong.” Lin Dong waved his hand.
“Big… big brother Lin Dong. The ones sent to capture senior Chen Gui are two Darkness Palace elders. They are both very strong practitioners at the Samsara stage. Moreover, they have also brought the secret force of Darkness Palace with them.” Mu Sha’s small face was a little pale as she said.
“Two Samsara stage experts?” Lin Dong was a little surprise. This Darkness Palace was indeed worthy of being the overlord faction of the Northern Xuan Region. Such power was indeed greater than many super sects in the Northern Xuan Region.
“Darkness Palace does possess a strong foundation. It has existed far longer than an ordinary super sect. My teacher once said that it is likely that there is even a Reincarnation stage old monster present within this Darkness Palace.” By the side, Ling Qingzhu softly said.
“They do possess some strength.” Lin Dong nodded. A Reincarnation stage old monster. No wonder Darkness Palace towered in the Northern Xuan Region without falling.
“That’s right. Isn’t Chen Gui also a member of your Darkness Palace? Why are they hunting him? Could he have betrayed the palace and fled?” Lin Dong frowned and asked.
“How can that be possible! Senior brother Chen Gui is extremely loyal to our Darkness Palace. How could he have betrayed us!” Mu Sha hurriedly said. “However, Darkness Palace is currently far too chaotic. The palace master has only just taken over. Her authority is still unstable and many things have secretly happened!”
“So there is internal strife.” Lin Dong came to a sudden comprehension. They could play all they like as long as Qingtan was not harmed.
“Who is your new palace master?” Lin Dong turned around and walked forward, casually throwing out a question in the process.
“Our new palace master is lady Qingtan.” The young lady replied.
Lin Dong’s footsteps came to a sudden halt. Ling Qingzhu by the side was also startled. After which, Lin Dong slowly turned around. He looked at Mu Sha. “Who… who did you say it was?”
“Lady Qingtan.” Mu Sha looked at Lin Dong and replied in an uncertain manner.
“How could Qingtan have become the palace master of Darkness Palace?” Lin Dong’s face twitched slightly, and even his voice had raised significantly. His eyes were filled with shock.
Mu Sha was frightened by Lin Dong’s expression. She hurriedly took two steps back and timidly said, “Last year, the previous palace master failed in breaking through to the Reincarnation stage and died. Before he died, he passed on his inheritance and the Darkness Ancestral Symbol to lady Qingtan. Naturally, She is the palace master of our Darkness Palace.”
Lin Dong’s expression was volatile. This matter had greatly exceeded his expectations. How could that girl Qingtan have become the palace master of Darkness Palace? What ability did she have besides following him and causing trouble?
“Big brother Lin Dong… do you know our palace master?” Mu Sha looked at Lin Dong and carefully asked.
Lin Dong sighed helplessly, before he said in a snappy manner, “She is my little sister. Do you think I know her?”
“Your little sister?’ Mu Sha was dumbstruck. Soon after, the expression in her eyes turned a little strange. It was evident that she did not believe Lin Dong’s words. After all, she had never heard of this matter.
“Forget it, let’s go and rescue your senior brother Chen Gui first.” Lin Dong waved his hand. Chen Gui’s position within Darkness Palace should be a little higher than this lass. He would likely have a clearer understanding of such matters.
Mu Sha hurriedly nodded. Regardless of what the situation was, they should first rescue senior brother Chen Gui. Thus, she hurriedly bandaged her wound and quickly followed.
　　……
There was a patch of empty land within the forest on the other side of the dense fog where many bonfires rose. It was possible to vaguely see figures on the large trees around the bonfires. Their sharp eyes were constantly scanning the area.
Dozens of miserable figures were tied together in the middle of this vacant land. Their bodies were covered in blood. It was clear that they had experienced a bitter fight. From the looks of it, the result had not been favorable to them.
There was a figure restrained by black chains at the front of this group. The sharp chains had even penetrated his shoulders. Blood would flow at the slightest movement, causing his body to tremble intensely.
However, this figure did not make any noise even when faced with such pain. Only cold sweat continued to drip down from his head. 
“Chen Gui, I do not wish to make things difficult for you on the account that you are a genius of our Darkness Palace. I will not kill you as long as you return with me and say that the little girl had secretly used some underhanded means to harm the palace master and snatch the Darkness Ancestral Symbol. Instead, I will even allow you to command the secret force of our Darkness Palace. What do you say?” Two black robed old men stared at the man with gloomy faces from beside a bonfire and said in a sinister manner.
“Pah.”
The figure immediately spat when he heard those words. His face was filled with ridicule as he looked at the two elders. Finally, he laughed coldly, “You must be dreaming if you wish for me to slander the palace master!”
“Heh, she is but a little girl, yet she still hopes to become the palace master of our Darkness Palace? I think that you are the one who is dreaming.” The elder mocked.
“Humph, that little girl wanted to remove old subjects like us the moment she attained her position. She deserves such a fate!” The other elder said in a dark and cold voice.
“If it was not because all of you refused to accept the palace master and secretly attempted to split Darkness Palace, would the palace master target you?” Chen Gui clenched his teeth and said.
“It is not because we refused to accept. In terms of experience and ability, the position of the palace master of Darkness Palace is not something that the little girl of unknown origin is qualified for.”
Chen Gui laughed coldly. “This was the previous palace master’s order just before he died. You people do not have any ability. Yet, you end up causing trouble now.”
“The previous palace master’s order? Ha ha, at that time, only the little girl was at his side. She can say whatever she likes about the order.” The elder’s eyes stared at Chen Gui in a dark and cold fashion and continued, “From the looks of it, you are not planning on cooperating.”
Chen Gui looked at him with ridicule before becoming quiet.
“It seems that speaking nicely doesn’t work. Since that is so, don’t blame us for resorting to harsher measures.” Murderous desire flashed across the elder’s eyes. With a clench of his hand, majestic Yuan Power gathered in it and turned into a Yuan Power sword. His sleeve shook and the sword ruthlessly shot towards Chen Gui.
Chen Gui sighed quietly in his heart upon seeing this. However, as he was preparing to close his eyes and embrace death, a laughter suddenly penetrated the dense fog and resounded over the sky. “I really do meet such old and shameless things wherever I go.”
“Who is it?!”
This voice shocked everyone present. The two elders from Darkness Palace cried out sternly as their sharp eyes surveyed the fog around them.
Three figures slowly walked out from the dense fog. After which, they clearly appeared in front of everyone’s eyes.
“Brother Chen Gui, I trust that you have been well since we last met?” Lin Dong’s eyes swept around the empty land, before pausing on the bloody Chen Gui, before he smiled and said.
“You… Lin Dong?” Chen Gui was stunned as he looked at Lin Dong. His expression changed as he hurriedly cried out, “Hurry and leave!”
“Leave?” The two elders from the Darkness Palace laughed strangely. After which, they suddenly waved their hands as murderous desire flashed across their eyes. “Kill them.”
“Understood!”
Responses abruptly exploded from the surroundings after his voice sounded. After which, Yuan Power suddenly surged and sharp attacks swept towards the Lin Dong trio from all directions.
Lin Dong’s expression was indifferent as he glanced at the attacks. However, he completely ignored them. He merely opened his stride and headed towards the two Darkness Palace elders.
Bang bang bang!
The attacks quickly reached the area a dozen feet from Lin Dong. However, the attacks suddenly froze just as they were about to land on his body. After which, Chen Gui was shocked to see the experts from the secret force suddenly explode out of the blue. From the looks of it, they seemed to have been squeezed by an invisible hand until they burst apart. This scene was extremely strange.
Lin Dong paused in front of the two elders as the bloody mist drifted downwards. He smiled at their changed expressions. However, this smile of his contained a bone-chilling murderous intent.
“Ha ha, little girl? Is my sister someone whom you old farts can address in such a manner?!”





 Chapter 1230: Qingtans Problem
“You!”
The two Darkness Palace elders looked at Lin Dong in astonishment. Within the bloody mist that filled the air, the latter’s smile appeared just like a devil’s. It made a chill rise inside one’s heart.
“Bang!”
However, the shock on their faces merely lasted for an instant, before quickly transforming into ferocity as mighty Yuan Power suddenly swept out from their bodies. With a low cry, two powerful streams of Yuan Power spluttered out. They were accompanied by intense killing intent as they ruthlessly shot towards Lin Dong.
Lin Dong still wore a faint smile as he looked at the both of them. He did not show any signs of attacking. However, the bodies of the two elders suddenly stiffened just as their attacks were about to reach Lin Dong.
The mightily churning Yuan Power within their bodies also froze along with their bodies as true horror finally rose into their eyes. They had discovered that they had lost control of their bodies at this moment!
This was the first time they had encountered such a situation. They had not felt so helpless even when facing the old palace master in the past.
“You… who exactly are you?!” The two elders involuntarily exclaimed with horror.
“Friend, we are from Darkness Palace. If you are willing to let us off, we will apologise if we have offended you in any way. Our Darkness Palace will also become your friend. You only need to let us know if there are any matters we can help with!”
Behind him, Mu Sha, Chen Gui and the others who had been caught, were stunned as they watched the rapidly changing expressions of the two elders. The group involuntarily inhaled a deep breath of air and looked at Lin Dong as if he was a ghost. Those two elders were top experts even in their Darkness Palace. Yet, they actually appeared so weak in the hands of this young man, who seemed to be in his twenties?
Chen Gui was clearly the most shocked amongst them. He had met Lin Dong in the past. While Lin Dong’s strength had surprised him three years ago, it was not much greater than his own. Yet, in the short three years since they last met, Lin Dong’s strength... had actually reached such a frightening level? 
“That little girl you mentioned earlier is Qingtan, right?” Lin Dong smilingly looked at the two elders from Darkness Palace and asked.
The two elders’ expressions changed slightly when they heard this. Soon after, they gritted their teeth and nodded. They seemed to be grasping onto a strand of hope as they asked, “Could this sir have some grudge with her?”
“Didn’t I say this earlier… Qingtan is my younger sister. I am her big brother!” Lin Dong smilingly said. However, his smile was exceptionally icy.
The pupils of the two elders shrunk as they repeatedly complained in their hearts. Who could have imagined that the seemingly solitary little girl would actually have such a terrifying big brother. Moreover, they were unfortunate enough to bump into him.
“Oh, so you are the big brother of the palace master. Ha ha, we are family. Today, this traitor, Chen Gui, was planning on betraying our Darkness Palace. The two of us came to capture him on the orders of the palace master.” One of the elder laughed dryly.
“Oh, so that’s what happened.”
Lin Dong smiled and nodded. The chill in the hearts of those two elders rose when they saw Lin Dong’s smile. They were after all extremely experienced and cunning individuals, hence they immediately sensed the great danger. With a cry, Yuan Power swept out from their bodies without reserve, allowing them to escape Lin Dong’s restrains in a split second. After which, they moved, turning into two rays of black light that shot out in two different directions.
Anxiousness instantly flooded Chen Gui’s face the moment he saw that these two old fellows were about to flee. However, he calmed down when he saw Lin Dong’s unconcerned expression. Although both he and Lin Dong were not very close, the methods he had displayed in Unique Devil Region were clear evidence that he was no saint. He would never do something like letting a potential threat go.
It was just as Chen Gui had expected. Lin Dong merely calmly watched the two shoot away. He waited till they were about to charge into the dense fog, before he finally extended his hand. With a light grasp, black light flashed.
Ch!
The moment Lin Dong closed his hand, Chen Gui and the others saw the space in front of the two elders suddenly distort. Two huge black hole surfaced out of nowhere as Devouring Power erupted and swallowed them before they could even scream.
Bang bang bang!
Violent shaking noises were emitted from within the black hole as if the two elders were frantically struggling within it. However, this struggle did not continue for long, before it gradually weakened within the swiftly rotating black hole.
The black hole rotated for quite some time, before Lin Dong gently waved his hand. The black hole then faded together with the two Samsara stage Darkness Palace elders.
The empty land once again became completely quiet. Both Chen Gui and Mu Sha were stunned as they watched this scene. Those two elders had simply… died in such a manner?
“Brother Chen Gui, are you alright?” Lin Dong chuckled while everyone were stunned. He flicked his finger and the glowing black chains, which were covering their bodies, were completely shattered. 
“Senior brother Chen Gui, are you alright?” Mu Sha pounced over at this moment. She immediately started to weep when she saw Chen Gui’s injuries.
Chen Gui comforted her. After which, he stood with great difficulty and cupped his hands together towards Lin Dong while wearing a complicated expression, “We meet again brother Lin Dong. I would never have imagined that you would have already become so powerful within a short three years.”
Chen Gui was considered an extremely talented individual. Otherwise, he would not have managed to become the most outstanding person on the Eastern Xuan Region sect wanted list. Yet, he had barely advanced to the Profound Death stage after three years, a speed which was honestly not bad. However, when compared to a irregular like Lin Dong, it was after all rather lacking.
“Senior brother Chen Gui, are you actually acquainted with big brother Lin Dong?” By the side, Mu Sha rubbed her eyes and could not help but ask. She was still holding the notion that Lin Dong had been joking earlier.
“Brother Lin Dong is palace master’s elder brother. Palace master is finally saved this time.” Joy was revealed in Chen Gui’s eyes as he stared at Lin Dong and laughed.
“Brother Chen Gui, just what has happened? Why has Qingtan become the palace master of Darkness Palace?” Lin Dong frowned slightly and inquired.
Chen Gui smiled bitterly upon hearing this. He was quiet for a moment before he replied, “Brother Lin Dong, do you still remember that incident from three years ago? Back then, Qingtan had to watch as you were forced to leave by the three great heads. No one knew whether you were dead or alive. In her fury, she wanted to fight it out with the three great heads. Fortunately, master appeared and rescued her.”
“However, Qingtan seemed to have completely changed after she returned. Her previous liveliness was now nowhere to be seen. She became extremely quiet and was frequently lost in thought. Soon after, she took the initiative to ask master to let her enter Darkness Judgement Hall.”
“Darkness Judgement Hall?” Lin Dong’s eyebrows were scrunched together as unease surged within his heart. “ What kind of place is it?”
“A place with the greatest authority within Darkness Palace, but it is also the most cruel… since our Darkness Palace leads the Northern Xuan Region, there are naturally many factions that oppose us. Darkness Judgement Hall is where rebels are punished. It is a place with no mercy, only blood.” Chen Gui revealed a bitter expression as he slowly explained.
“What?!”
Lin Dong boiled with rage while he listened. In his eyes, Qingtan was ultimately still that same a little girl who was constantly buzzing at this side since young. She was kind hearted, a little silly and adorable. Back at the Qingyang Town, she had refused to voluntarily train because she was afraid of hardship. Yet, she had actually gone to this so-called Darkness Judgement Hall and drenched her hands with blood. This made his heart ache and his eyes redden.
Although Lin Dong’s cultivation journey was also built on blood and flames, it would be better if he was the one who ended up being soaked in blood, than to see the little girl, who had always hid behind him, become just like him!
He spared no effort in his training and struggled through numerous dangerous life and death situations. What he sought was extremely simple; to protect those whom he cared about and allow them to have the purest smiles. Yet, the little girl whom he doted on the most had now ended up being dyed in blood like himself!
“Is she asking for a beating!”
Lin Dong’s fists were so tightly clenched that creaking noises could be heard as his voiced seeped out from between his grinding teeth. Chen Gui smiled bitterly when he saw Lin Dong’s furious state. After witnessing how lively Qingtan was in the past, and seeing what she had now become, one would indeed feel an incomparable heartache.
“I asked her once… she said that as long as she could exterminate Yuan Gate one day, she did not care what she would become.” Chen Gui looked at Lin Dong with a complicated expression in his eyes as he spoke. “She… the only reason she is doing this… is to avenge you.”
The fury on Lin Dong’s face froze at this very moment. He quickly shut his eyes and deeply inhaled. His voice was a little hoarse as he mumbled, “This foolish girl. Does she really have so little faith in me?”
Lin Dong was quiet for a long time. Finally, he waved his hand and said, “What is the current situation in your Darkness Palace?”
“Qingtan spent two years to become the head judge of Darkness Judgement Hall, thus gaining control of the greatest power within Darkness Palace. Later on, master failed in his attempt to breakthrough to the Reincarnation stage. In his final moments, he passed on his inheritance and the Darkness Ancestral Symbol to Qingtan and bestowed onto her the position of the new palace master of Darkness Palace.”
“However, Darkness Palace is far too large. Although Qingtan had improved by leaps and bounds in the last three years, there was still a gap in terms of experience when compared with several elders. Hence, some elders secretly did not accept her and attempted to join forces to remove Qingtan. Nevertheless, the present Qingtan is different from the past. She is likewise in control of a rather powerful force. Hence, she constantly fought against those who opposed her in Darkness Palace during the past.”
Lin Dong’s expression became volatile as he listened. He was really unable to imagine how such a naive young lady could fight with those cunning and ruthless old fellows of Darkness Palace. Just thinking about it was enough to understand just how much hardship and grievances this little girl had suffered.
“Qingtan is no pushover. She initially displayed a weak front while buying time to absorb the inheritance left to her by master. Moreover, she also quietly gained complete control over the Darkness Ancestral Symbol. After which, the retaliation began. Those elders suffered great losses and were utterly crushed two months ago. However… just as Qingtan was about to stabilize the situation, the elders managed to invite the two oldest elders of Darkness Palace. Both are peak experts who have stepped into the Reincarnation stage. With them personally stepping forward, the situation of Darkness Palace was reversed once again. Other than the Darkness Judgement Hall that Qingtan is in control of, most others have leaned towards the opposition…”
“Those of us who support Qingtan were also quietly eliminated.”
Chen Gui smiled bitterly and continued, “If my guess is right, they plan to force Qingtan to hand over her palace master position and the Darkness Ancestral Symbol during the religious ceremony three days later… Qingtan will have no longe have any way out.”
Lin Dong’s originally ashen complexion gradually turned to calmness after hearing Chen Gui’s words. He shut his eyes. A long while later, he waved his hand and said, “Brother Chen Gui, bring me to Darkness Palace.”
“Regardless of how much I dislike this girl doing such things, she is still my younger sister. Anyone who wants to bully my younger sister will be slaughtered by me!”
Lin Dong opened his eyes. The baleful aura within them caused a chill to rise from the bottom of Chen Gui and the rest’s feet. Qingtan, who had come out from the Darkness Judgement Hall, really paled in comparison… 





 Chapter 1231: Darkness City
The tens of thousands of large mountains were so vast that they even exceeded Lin Dong’s expectations. Moreover, even with Chen Gui, someone who was familiar with the terrain, leading the way, it was still two days later before they finally left this area.
Standing outside the area where tens of thousands of large mountains stood, Lin Dong glanced at the many untouched mountain ranges that seemingly cut across the sky. Then, he involuntarily sighed softly, before he circulated his Mental Energy and left a spatial stamp at this area. By doing so, if he wants to come back here in the future, he could use the spatial stamp that he left behind to directly tear the empty space and reach here. It would be much more efficient than before. 
“Brother Lin Dong, we have only reached the edge of the Northern Xuan Region. The headquarters of Darkness Palace is located in Darkness City, which is in the middle of the Northern Xuan Region. Therefore, we will need a couple of days in order to reach that city. I wonder if we will be in time for the worship ceremony.” Chen Gui looked into the distance before he spoke in a worried voice.
“One day is enough.” Lin Dong smiled faintly. Unlike the mountain range, the Northern Xuan Region was not covered by extremely frightening dense Yuan Power fog. Therefore, he was naturally to unleash his full speed and it was likely possible for them to reach Darkness City within a day.
“In that case, let’s hurry. The palace master is gradually being isolated by the elders. Meanwhile, those who are loyal to her, are either being quietly eliminated or are prevented from returning to Darkness City through various means. Clearly, they are planning to make a move and force her to give up her position during the worship ceremony.” Chen Gui sighed.
Lin Dong nodded. He mused for a moment before he said, “Brother Chen Gui, those two old monsters who have stepped into the Reincarnation stage, are they the strongest ones in Darkness Palace?” 
It was likely that their journey to the Darkness City was not going to be a peaceful one. In that case, given Lin Dong’s character, he naturally wanted to find out about his opponents’ strength in order to prevent any mishaps from occuring. 
“According to what I know, those two lords are indeed the most senior individuals within our Darkness Palace. However, you should also know that our Darkness Palace has a very deep foundation and it has existed for thousands of years. Therefore, even I am not certain as to whether there are anymore fossil like old monsters hidden deeper within.” Chen Gui pondered for a moment before shaking his head. It was likely that even those elders from Darkness Palace were unsure about this. Therefore, even much less needs to be said about him.
“Darkness Palace is no ordinary sect.”
Standing beside him, Ling Qingzhu suddenly said softly, “Our Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace also has a long history. Hence, I obtained some information regarding Darkness Palace from some ancient texts.”
“The founder of Darkness Palace should be the second owner of the Darkness Ancestral Symbol. Moreover, the Darkness Ancestral Symbol is different from the other Ancestral Symbols. The other Ancestral Symbols were scattered all across the world as their various masters fell into a slumber. Subsequently, they were obtained by other experts. However, it is different for the Darkness Ancestral Symbol. Ever since the Darkness Ancestral Symbol fell into the hands of the second generation and he founded Darkness Palace, the Darkness Ancestral Symbol has always remained within Darkness Palace. It is a heirloom that has been passed down even until today.”
“Oh?” A tinge of shock flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes. He had the most in depth understanding of the Ancestral Symbols. Once such a divine object appeared, it will definitely attract many experts and it was no simple task to keep an Ancestral Symbol. One example would be the Lightning Emperor. As he possessed the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, he was ultimately targeted by the Yimo, resulting in the destruction of his Lightning Cave. If not because he had powerful techniques and was able to seal that Yimo king, and create a Thunder World to hide the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, it was likely that the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol would have been scattered and obtained by someone else.
As such, it was a difficult task for Darkness Palace to continue passing down the Darkness Ancestral Symbol from one generation to the next. This also indicated how powerful Darkness Palace must be. Otherwise, it would be almost impossible to do this.
“Let me see. From the second generation, the Darkness Ancestral Symbol has been passed down five times and Qingtan should be the sixth owner of the Darkness Ancestral Symbol.”
Ling Qingzhu glanced at Lin Dong and said, “Since Darkness Palace was able to keep the Darkness Ancestral Symbol for so many years, they definitely possess some secret techniques. However, it seems like Qingtan has not mastered such techniques. Otherwise, there is no way those elders would dare to force her to give up her position.”
“Therefore, we must not let down our guard this time around.”
Lin Dong focused his eyes, before he nodded. It seems like he had underestimated Darkness Palace previously. After all, the Northern Xuan Region was nearly as vast as the Eastern Xuan Region. Yet, Darkness Palace was undoubtedly the overlord of this entire region and there was no other faction that could threaten their dominance. This was completely different from the Eastern Xuan Region, in which there were many factions standing at the top. In fact, from another point of view, this reflected the strength of Darkness Palace.
“Nevertheless, I would like to witness the strength of the Northern Xuan Region’s overlord.”
Lin Dong smiled. Although Darkness Palace was no ordinary faction, he did not fear it at all. After all, with his current strength, he was definitely an elite of this world. As a Samsara stage expert who had touched Reincarnation, as well as a Supreme Symbol Master, which was comparable to a Reincarnation stage expert, an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert stood no chance against him. In fact, only those Reincarnation stage experts who had experienced one Reincarnation Tribulation, could match up to him.
Furthermore, it was extremely difficult to find an expert at this level in this world. If there was, he was most likely an extremely old fossil like existence who had lived since the ancient times, like Qing Zhi...
Chen Gui secretly sighed in relief when he saw Lin Dong’s calm expression. As of now, there was no way he could tell what Lin Dong’s strength was. However, from the way he managed to easily kill two elders from Darkness Palace, Chen Gui knew that Lin Dong had definitely reached quite a terrifying level. As such, perhaps Lin Dong is the only one who could help Qingtan now.
“Let’s go.”
Lin Dong waved his hand and ceased speaking. Immediately, a thought passed through his mind, before mighty Mental Energy subsequently lifted everyone up. After which,, the space around them gradually became distorted. In the next moment, everyone vanished simultaneously and they were already fifty kilometres away the next time they appeared.
　　……
Unlike the Eastern Xuan Region, the Northern Xuan Region did not possess many different empires. Most of the land in this region was managed by the branch palaces that was established by Darkness Palace. A branch palace was equivalent to the king of an empire and there was an extremely complicated bureaucracy beneath it.  From this point of view, the management of the Northern Xuan Region by Darkness Palace, was better than the way the Eastern Xuan Region was managed. It’s no wonder Darkness Palace could continue to remain as the overlord of the Northern Xuan Region.
Although there was a huge distance between the tens of thousands of large mountains and Darkness City, the travelling time was greatly reduced as Lin Dong was able to tear the empty space apart. Therefore, by next day morning, they had already arrived at the outskirts of Darkness City.
Standing on top of a mountain, Lin Dong looked into the distance. Then, he saw a massive city which stretched on endlessly, located in the area in front of where the mountain and the river crossed each other. It appeared like a half exposed body of a large ancient beast, which was hidden underground and quietly laying low.
The entire city was black in color, and it gave off a solemn and heavy feeling. Meanwhile, in the sky above the city, a humongous darkness light barrier enveloped around the entire city.
On the light barrier, were countless rotating symbols. Meanwhile, mighty ripples, which could not be described with words, spread and caused the empty space to show signs of distortion.
Looking from Lin Dong’s angle, it was possible to see over a dozen incomparably large city gates. At this moment, large lines of people were queuing outside the city gates, before they slowly streamed into the city. The size of the crowd was extremely startling. 
This city was undoubtedly the largest one that Lin Dong had ever seen. Given its size, it was likely that this city could easily accommodate tens of millions of people. Hence, the Darkness City was indeed worthy of being the headquarters of Darkness Palace. It was extremely grand and it was no wonder that an intense fight had broke out within Darkness Palace, over the position of palace master. After all, the palace master of Darkness Palace was basically the overlord of the entire Northern Xuan Region. With a flip of his palm, he would be able to control the lives of countless of people.
“The worship ceremony is a grand event held by our Darkness Palace once every three years. Regardless of their size, every faction in the Northern Xuan Region must come and pay tribute. If someone does not come, the members of Darkness Judgement Hall will be knocking on their doors the very next day to punish them.” Chen Gui looked at the vast crowd outside the city before he said.
“That Darkness Judgement Hall doesn’t sound like a decent place.” Lin Dong frowned upon hearing this. Meanwhile, fury involuntarily rose in his heart. After all, there were so many places that lass could go, yet she chose to go to such a bloody and dirty place.
When he realized that Lin Dong was outraged, Chen Gui could only smile bitterly. Since the latter killed hundreds of elite Yuan Gate disciples back at the Unique Devil City, his tactics were also quite bloody. Yet, he become extremely furious when he heard that Qingtan was doing the same.
“Brother Lin Dong. Due to the worship ceremony, the security of Darkness City will be at its tightest. Moreover, the palace master has been restrained and those elders should have control over the entire city. It is likely that we will be discovered if we enter from the city gates.”
“Since we cannot enter from the city gates, we will just directly rip the city guarding formation and enter.” Lin Dong said nonchalantly.
“That formation was set up by the first palace master of our Darkness Palace. If you forcefully tear it apart, it is likely that you will immediately alert the powerful individuals in the city…” Chen Gui said helplessly.
“Although that formation is powerful, it is a difficult task to stop me.” Lin Dong smiled and said, “Brother Chen Gui, both you and Mu Sha should follow me into the city. Everyone else should remain outside.”
“Aye.” Chen Gui nodded. After all, they were of little help even if they entered the city. In fact, they may even end up becoming a hindrance instead. 
Lin Dong waved his sleeve. Then, a faint silver light scattered from his hand before it wrapped around the four of them. Soon after, the space around him slowly became distorted, before the four of them disappeared out of the blue.
Chen Gui felt his head become giddy. However, by the time he recovered, loud noises promptly swarmed him. He opened his eyes and saw that the four of them were already in the sky above the Darkness City. Behind them was the black light barrier, which was still enveloping the city. However, it did not react to their entry.
“Incredible.” Chen Gui sighed. As a member of Darkness Palace, he naturally knew just how powerful that formation was. Yet, Lin Dong could enter as he pleased. His abilities were truly terrifying. 
Lin Dong smiled. Although he had yet to refine the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, it was still possible for him to use some of its strength. Therefore, it was not difficult to get past this formation.
Chen Gui looked into the distance and he turned his attention towards the middle of Darkness City. Suddenly, countless black lights suddenly rose towards the sky and they looked just like grand fireworks.
His expression gradually turned grave when he saw the black lights.
“The ceremony has begun.”





 Chapter 1232: Forced To Step Down
In the middle of the massive Darkness City, was a square made up of black rocks where countless black stone pillars were erected. Moreover, these black stone pillars were all covered with the names of the people, who have made great contributions to Darkness Palace. At the same time, they were also former top experts within Darkness Palace.
This square was called Darkness Square and it was an important place in Darkness City. In fact, this place was only opened each time after the worship ceremony begins. Moreover, those who were allowed to come to this place, were all individuals with some standing in the Northern Xuan Region. Of course, their standing and authority were bestowed upon them by Darkness Palace.
Currently, Darkness Square was filled with a black sea of people that stretched on endlessly. Even with such a frightening number of people gathered here, this place was eerily silent. In fact, no one dared to make the slightest noise. Meanwhile, countless pairs of eyes were filled with fear, as they looked at the middle of the square. At that spot, was a black altar and a ten thousand steps stone stairs as well. At the top of the stone stairs was a black throne. Anyone seated there would be able to overlook the entire Darkness Square, and anyone who occupied that seat would seemingly become the overlord of the entire Northern Xuan Region.
Currently, there was a lovely figure seated on the throne above the altar. She was wearing black robes with mysterious golden symbols covering the edges of her robes. Meanwhile, one could vaguely feel a noble and elegant aura being emitted from her.
She had a peaceful and pretty face, along with snow white skin. Her eyebrows were crescent shaped and she had a sharp nose. Her serene deep pair of eyes appeared like the deepest night sky. Under her calm and peaceful exterior, were endless mysteries and it caused one to become involuntarily intoxicated by her.
Although she looked colder and more maturer compared to before, it was still possible to see the outline of that lovely young girl from before. Therefore, who else could she be other than Qingtan?
As of now, Qingtan no longer had the same youthful ignorance as before. As her eyes moved, they looked as sharp as blades. Moreover, there was also a faint bloodlust flowing beneath them, causing one’s heart to shudder.
She sat on the throne as she surveyed the sea of people standing on Darkness Square. Everywhere she looked, all she could see were humble and subservient figures. In fact, hardly anyone dared to look directly at her. 
The lively and tender young lady from before had now became the genuine overlord of the Northern Xuan Region. Her every decision could easily dictate the lives of tens of thousands of people and she had absolute authority.
Seated on the throne, she used her cold and stern eyes to survey the entire place before she finally nodded.
“Let the worship ceremony begin!”
Many loud and clear voices, which were wrapped with Yuan Power, spread into the distance and resounded across the place right after she nodded.
Immediately, countless black rays of light shot towards the sky, and it looked like a grand banquet was about to begin.
Standing in the Darkness Square, the leaders of various factions in the Northern Xuan Region began to show up one after another. After which, their respectful voices spread across this place like waves.
“The chief of the Northern Mang Sect has came over with my members to pay respect. Congratulations on the ceremony. Palace master is almighty and we all pledge our allegiance to you!”
“The Great Snow Mountain mountain chief wishes that the palace master’s impressive and dignified manner will last forever, and that you will always be unbeatable!”
　　“……”
The worship ceremony was a grand event that affected the entire Northern Xuan Region. In fact, the leaders of eighty percent of the factions in the Northern Xuan Region would personally show up. After which, they would greet the palace master as though they were her subordinates. Moreover, no one dared to miss this event. As such, the experts gathered on this square likely made up sixty percent of the Northern Xuan Region’s fighting strength, and the scale of this event was truly terrifying. 
Many respectful cries reverberated across the square. However, that noble figure seated above the altar did not reveal even the slightest emotion in her eyes. Instead, she merely looked around before she focused her attention on the front of Darkness Square. At that area, there were many figures quietly seated there. Most of them were elderly individuals with white hair and the robes that they wore, indicated that they had an extraordinary status within Darkness Palace.
At this moment, during such a grand occasion, their eyes were all gently shut. Meanwhile, none of them cast a respectful look to the figure above the altar. In fact, some of them even curled their lips. Clearly, they did not approve of her. 
There were two extremely old figures, who looked like they were about to die, in front of this group. Both of them had a head full of white hair, and their faces were filled with deep gullies. Currently, their heads were gently lowered and it looked like they were asleep.
Seated on the throne, when Qingtan’s eyes swept across these two figures, her cold pupils hardened slightly. After which, she slowly clenched the small hand under her sleeve, before an icy cold murderous intent flashed across her eyes.
The complicated worship ceremony continued and respectful voices resounded across the entire place. However, everyone could feel that the worship ceremony this time around seemed to be a little different from before.
The leaders of the various factions were secretly observing Darkness Square. After which, their eyes paused on the group of elders right at the front. Then, they rotated their eyes and looked around the altar. At that area, were countless black clothed figures and there was a rich bloody smell being emitted from their bodies. Meanwhile, there was also a ferocious ghost face with a black longsword pierced deep into its head, on their black clothes. Hence, they looked extremely terrifying. 
Every faction in the Northern Xuan Region knew about these troops and they were all extremely fearful of them. This was because they represented the bloodiest and most powerful department in Darkness Palace, Darkness Judgement Hall.
Currently, this group of powerful individuals from Darkness Judgement Hall had formed a tight defence around the altar. Meanwhile, the direction that they were facing was coincidentally the area where the elders were located. Clearly, it seemed as if they were guarding against something.
The entire Darkness Square was covered by a strange atmosphere.
Some leaders secretly turned to face one other. It was likely that they had heard some rumours as well. In fact, they knew that the worship ceremony this time around would likely be exceptionally chaotic. However, this had little impact on them. After all, it didn’t matter whether Darkness Palace was in the hands of the current palace master or the Elder Council. That was because they were not qualified to oppose the massive Darkness Palace.
Hence, all they had to do this time around was to standby obediently and watch the show. 
The respectful praises gradually came to a halt a long while later. Following which, the surrounding atmosphere suddenly stiffened after the din died down. 
Above the altar, two black robed elders were standing on the two sides of the throne. When they saw this scene, they turned their attention towards Qingtan, who was currently seated on the throne. After which, they gently swung their hands.
“Welcome the Ancestral Tablet!”
Qingtan slowly stood up from the throne, before she moved her legs. Then, she clenched her fist, before she gently stomped on the ground.
Buzz!
A buzzing sound erupted from the countless black stone pillars standing in the square. After which, many black lights shot forth before they criss-crossed in the sky above the square. Then, they transformed into a huge black stone tablet. Meanwhile, the names of the previous palace masters were all carved on that tablet.
The countless individuals standing in the square knelt down immediately after the stone tablet appeared. In fact, even those elders in the Elder Council bowed slightly. The only exception were the two elders standing at the front, who merely lowered their heads.
Above the altar, Qingtan bowed slightly towards the stone tablet. After which, the stone tablet trembled. Then, a dark flight of stairs stretched forward and finally connected to the altar.
“Palace master, please worship the ancestors!”
The two black robed elders beside the throne cried out in unison, while wild excitement rose within their eyes. Once this worship ceremony was complete, Qingtan’s position as the palace master will be cemented and no one will be able to oppose her.
The two elders standing at the front of the Elder Council finally opened their shut eyes. After which, they gently extended their hands, which were hidden within their sleeves previously. 
When he saw this scene, a cold glint flashed across the eyes of the elder, who was seated right behind them. Then, he nodded gently before he stood up and cried, “Hold on!”
His cry immediately caused the atmosphere of the entire square to turn tense. Promptly, the hearts of countless individuals started to pound wildly. Was it about to begin?
“First elder, why are you stopping the palace master from paying worship?!” The two black robed elders’ expressions sunk when they saw this. After which, they cried out in a stern voice.
The old man, who was being addressed as first elder, glanced at the both of them with a dark and cold expression. After which, his eyes paused on Qingtan, before he said in an indifferent voice, “According to our palace’s rules, only a palace master that is supported unanimously by the Elder Council is qualified to worship our ancestor. However, I believe that the new palace master has not fulfilled this criteria.” 
The two black robed elders’ expressions changed as they turned to look at Qingtan.
Qingtan used her icy cold eyes to stare at the first elder. After which, her chilly voice sounded, “First elder, master has personally passed the position of palace master to me before his death. According to the rules, his order surpasses that of the Elder Council’s.”
“You claim that the previous palace master passed his position over to you just before he died. However, this is merely an one-sided account from you. Based on the information that I obtained, you launched a sneak attack on the previous palace master while he was attempting to breakthrough to the Reincarnation stage, causing him to fail as a result. Moreover, you snatched the Darkness Ancestral Symbol and attempted to seize control of our Darkness Palace!” The first elder chuckled and said.
“Girl, you may be young but you are truly ruthless. In fact, you even dare to kill your own teacher. If the position of palace master really falls into your hands, I’m afraid that the ancestors of our Darkness Palace will be unable to rest in peace!”
“First elder, how dare you act disrespectfully towards the palace master! If she did not receive it personally from the palace master, do you really think that it is so easy to obtain the Darkness Ancestral Symbol? In fact, do you think that it is possible to snatch the inheritance of the palace master?!” A black robed elder cried out sternly.
“Humph, everyone in this world knows that one can only obtain someone else’s inheritance only if he obliges. You are attempting to slander the palace master and this is a serious offence!” The other black robed elder said in a deep voice.
“The previous palace master trusted that lass very much. Who knows if she used some dirty tricks to obtain the Darkness Ancestral Symbol and his inheritance?”
The first elder waved his hand. Soon after, he rotated his eyes and said, “Moreover, you should be aware that one must have the two sacred items of our Darkness Palace in order to become the palace master.”
Qingtan’s eyes were icy cold. Promptly, an ancient symbol slowly surfaced between her brows. After that symbol appeared, the entire place gradually darkened, before an indescribable ancient fluctuation spread.
It was the fluctuation from the Darkness Ancestral Symbol.
When the first elder felt that fluctuation, a greedy glint flashed across his eyes. Soon after, he chuckled, “The Darkness Ancestral Symbol is one of them. But, what about the other?!”
Qingtan extended her jade like wrist from her sleeve. Then, she clenched her fist, before black light slowly gathered in her hand. Finally, they transformed into a completely dark black scythe, that was covered with mysterious symbols. Many onlookers immediately felt a chill rushing towards them when that huge scythe appeared. In fact, it seemed as though that black scythe was the scythe of the grim reaper.
“This is the second sacred object of Darkness Palace, the Darkness Saint Scythe, which is ranked fifth on the Ancient Divine Object Ranking. First elder, what more do you have to say now?” Qingtan was holding onto her black scythe with an icy cold expression. Thanks to the darkened sky, she looked just like the god of death.
The first elder’s elderly face trembled slightly when he saw the large black scythe in Qingtan’s hand. Soon after, he turned and looked towards the two elders in front.
After he did so, the two elders slowly opened their shut eyes. Then, they stared indifferently at Qingtan, before a completely emotionless voice resounded across the place.
“Little girl, are you sure that the Darkness Saint Scythe in your hands is complete?”





 Chapter 1233: We Meet Again
“Little girl, are you sure that the Darkness Saint Scythe in your hands is complete?”
An indifferent voice slowly drifted across the sky above the Darkness Square. However, it caused the hearts of countless individuals to pound violently. Following which, when the crowd turned to look at those two elderly figures, there was an additional trace of fear in their eyes. It was likely that they vaguely knew just how frightening the two of them were.
“Two grand elders, what are the both of you trying to say?”
Qingtan’s pupils shrunk slightly at this moment. Promptly, while gripping onto the icy cool large black scythe with her delicate little hand, she asked in a cold voice, “Don’t tell me that you think that this Darkness Saint Scythe is fake?”
The two grand elders slowly lifted their wrinkle filled elderly faces. Staring at Qingtan with an indifferent expression, they said nonchalantly, “The Darkness Saint Scythe is indeed real. However, it is incomplete. Therefore, technically speaking, you do not possess the two great sacred objects of our Darkness Palace.”
“Oh? In that case, I want to know why is it incomplete? When master handed it over to me, he never once mentioned this.” Qingtan laughed coldly.
“Forget about you, even your teacher does not know about this.” The grand elder on the left shook his head and said.
“Nonsense!” Qingtan’s expression darkened.
“In terms of status, even your master has to call the both of us martial uncles. Why would it be surprising that he doesn’t know certain secrets within Darkness Palace?”
The two elders ridiculed, “The Darkness Saint Scythe was divided into two parts ever since the ancient times. The body of the scythe and the spirit of the scythe. Currently, the Darkness Saint Scythe in your hand does not possess a scythe spirit. Therefore, how can it be considered as a complete sacred object?”
Qingtan’s pretty face turned icy cold upon hearing this. Then, she said, “Nonsense. Although the both of you have a high status in my Darkness Palace, the both of you can still be punished for humiliating the sacred objects!”
“Such arrogance. Even if your master is around, he wouldn’t dare to do anything to the both of us. Girl, you really lack manners. It’s no wonder so many elders are against you!”
The two grand elders’ expression sunk before they chuckled, “The first owner of the Darkness Saint Scythe was the Darkness Master. However, this divine object took serious damage during the ancient war and the Scythe Spirit was destroyed. Finally, it landed in the hands of the first palace master of our Darkness Palace. He used his entire life before he finally came up with a way to repair it. Just before he died, he sacrificed himself and once again created a Scythe Spirit. Only then, was the Darkness Saint Scythe completed.”
“However, due to some unexpected events, the Scythe Spirit disappeared for no reason. Technically speaking, this should be blamed on your master. However, on account of the fact that he has made great contributions to Darkness Palace, the both of us did not speak up. Nevertheless, we cannot allow this mistake to continue.”
Qingtan gripped the Darkness Saint Scythe in her hand tightly, while murderous desire was glimmering deep within her eyes.
“Grand elders, we have never heard of such a thing. It is hardly convincing.” The two black robed elders replied in a deep voice. They were elders from Darkness Judgement Hall and they were loyal to the head judge. Therefore, they were on opposing standpoints with the Elder Council.
“It’s not difficult to prove that the Darkness Saint Scythe is incomplete. However, I wonder if that little lass has the guts to try.” One of the grand elders said in a faint voice.
A cold chill was flowing within Qingtan’s eyes. Currently, did she have any other choice? Therefore, she clenched her silver teeth before she said, “In that case, please tell me the way.”
“The item that will be used to judge shall be the Ancestral Tablet. Everyone should be aware that the Ancestral Tablet possess the aura left behind by the first palace master. Moreover, the spirit of the Darkness Saint Scythe was created from the death of the first palace master. You can use the Darkness Saint Scythe to cut the Ancestral Tablet. If the Darkness Saint Scythe is complete, it will definitely leave a mark on the Ancestral Tablet. Otherwise, it will be completely useless.”
The grand elders gave an indifferent smile before they said, “Although this act will offend our ancestors, I believe that our ancestors will not fault us since this is all for the sake of Darkness Palace. What do you say? Do you dare to try?”
Countless pairs of eyes shot towards Qingtan, who was above the altar. They were all waiting for her reply.
“Palace master, don’t fall for their trap.” The two black robed elders quickly said.
Qingtan shut her eyes before she gently shook her head and said, “Right now, do we have any other choice?”
The two black robed elders were quiet. After those two grand elders showed up, they no longer had much of an advantage within Darkness Palace. Moreover, if they refused, it would only give the Elder Council an excuse.
“Alright, I will do as the grand elders say!”
Qingtan suddenly opened her eyes, before a decisive glint flashed across her eyes. Promptly, with her small hand holding onto the Darkness Saint Scythe, her delicate figure moved before she directly appeared in front of the Ancestral Tablet. After which, she let out a delicate roar before her scythe cut through the empty space and hacked against the Ancestral Stone with lightning like speed.
Clang!
A clear metallic sound appeared in the square. After which, countless pairs of eyes turned to stare at the Ancestral Tablet. Following which, their pupils all shrunk. This was because they saw that on the spot where the scythe had landed, there wasn’t a mark on the Ancestral Tablet.
Uproar.
A commotion suddenly erupted in this place.
Qingtan leaped backwards. As she stared at the smooth, untouched Ancestral Tablet, a slight paleness appeared on her pretty face. Meanwhile, she was biting her lips while a trace of blood flowed from the corner of her mouth.
“Little girl, what more do you have to say?” The two grand elders smiled faintly before they said.
Qingtan suppressed the surging emotions in her heart. She rotated her eyes before she calmed down and said, “It seems like the grand elders are indeed speaking the truth. The Darkness Saint Scythe is indeed incomplete.”
The grand elders rejoiced upon hearing this. However, even before they could use this opportunity to speak, Qingtan continued, “From today onwards, finding the spirit of the scythe shall be my duty. I’m afraid that master will be unable to rest in peace if I cannot find it.”
“Humph, this girl really knows how to strike while the iron is hot!” The first elder felt secretly outraged as he snorted quietly. He did not expect that Qingtan had managed to turn this incident into an insignificant one in the blink of an eye.
“Finding the Scythe Spirit shall also be the duty of our Darkness Palace. However, as of now, you have not obtained the two great sacred objects, and the position of palace master cannot be considered as yours.” The two grand elders had an indifferent expression as they pressed on.
Qingtan’s eyes gradually turned icy, while the ancient symbol between her brows became increasingly clear. In fact, the entire place seemed to have darkened even further as she said, “Grand elders, do you guys know if the Darkness Ancestral Symbol in my possession is complete?”
She had began to reveal the icy cold murderous intent within her words. Evidently, those two grand elders have went overboard and their actions have made her furious. 
When those two grand elders felt the ancient ripple reverberating across the sky, their bodies tensed up before a cold expression flashed across their eyes. Then, they said, “Are you planning to rely on the Darkness Ancestral Symbol to suppress the both of us?”
“The Darkness Ancestral Symbol is the real sacred object of the palace master. Grand elders, I respect the both of you and that is the reason why I have consistently given in. However, if the both of you continue to press on, perhaps, I, can only invite the Darkness Ancestral Symbol to clean up our palace!” Qingtan’s icy cold voice was filled with bloodlust as it spread. Currently, she was forced to show her tougher side.
The two grand elders leaned forward. Then, two frightening auras slowly spread from them and they actually forcefully blocked the fluctuation from the Darkness Ancestral Symbol.
The atmosphere of this place quickly became tensed, and it felt as though a fight could break out at any moment.
“Haha, your master has indeed found quite a capable disciple…” One of the grand elders suddenly laughed after the atmosphere tensed up. Then, his eyes were gently glimmering as he said, “Actually, it’s possible for us to support you to become the next palace master. However, we hope that you can agree to one condition.”
Without a change in her expression, Qingtan’s tensed body also relaxed slightly. Those two old fellows, who refused to die, were frighteningly powerful. Therefore, in a real fight, it was likely that she would have difficulties gaining the upper hand even though she possessed the Darkness Ancestral Symbol. Therefore, breaking all ties and fighting with them was clearly the last resort. 
“Grand elders, please feel free to speak.” A thought flashed across Qingtan’s mind before she said in a faint voice.
“It’s nothing much. I have a martial grandson who is extremely fond of you. If you marry him, the both of us will not object to you becoming the palace master.”
The grand elder smiled before he promptly waved his hand. Then, a handsome man dressed in black clothes subsequently walked out from within the Elder Council. With excitement in his eyes, he stared at Qingtan before he sincerely said, “Qingtan, you should know how much I like you. If you marry me, our ancestors will definitely not stop you from becoming the palace master!”
“Grand elder, this…” The first elder was stunned upon seeing this scene, as he hurriedly cried out in a low voice.
The two grand elders waved their hands. Their eyes were glimmering and no one knew what they were up to.
The entire Darkness Square descended into complete silence, as countless people looked at Qingtan, who was above the altar. After all, the situation had completely exceeded everyone’s expectations and no one knew whether Qingtan would agree to the marriage for the sake of the position of palace master.
Standing above the altar, Qingtan’s small hand was tightly holding onto the Darkness Saint Scythe. Meanwhile, a tiny vein was protruding on her fair and delicate hand, while her delicate figure was trembling. A long while later, she inhaled a deep breath. Following which, fury and bloodlust gushed into her eyes, “Judgement Army, where are you?”
“Here!”
A low and orderly roar suddenly erupted from around the altar. Immediately, tens of thousands of black clothed figures stood up.
“There are traitors forcing the palace master to give up her position in order to snatch the position for themselves. They have broken the rules of the palace. How should they be punished?!”
“By death!”
An united cry, which was accompanied by monstrous murderous intent, spread across the entire square.
“How dare you!” The two grand elders’ expressions changed drastically, as they stood up and cried out sternly.
“Since the both of you refuse to back down, today, I want to see whether my Darkness Ancestral Symbol can punish the both of you!” Qingtan also replied with a stern cry. Following which, she clenched her hand before black light suddenly swept out from within her body. Immediately, the entire place turned pitch-dark.
“You darned girl. It seems like you truly do not know your own limits. Since the both of us dare to show ourselves, do you really think that your Darkness Ancestral Symbol can suppress us?” The two grand elders chuckled. Soon after, the both of them moved before they directly appeared in midair. After which, they formed a strange seal with both their hands, before two rays of light shot directly towards the Ancestral Tablet.
“Us descendants are unfilial. We hope that the Ancestor Soul can suppress the Ancestral Symbol!”
The two grand elders cried out in unison. After which, the Ancestral Tablet began to buzz and shake. Soon after, a black light shot towards the sky. Immediately, Qingtan’s beautiful face became slightly pale. This was because she realized that the Darkness Ancestral Symbol within her body was being suppressed.
“Ancestor Soul?”
This unexpected development caught Qingtan by surprise. Only then, did she realize why those fellows only made a move on her after the worship ceremony had began. It turns out they had a way to use the Ancestor Soul within the Ancestral Tablet to suppress the Darkness Ancestral Symbol!
“Little girl, you want to fight with the both of us with just your puny strength? You truly don’t know your limits!”
The two grand elders chuckled immediately after they saw that the Darkness Ancestral Symbol was successfully suppressed. Then, their eyes became cold before they pressed their fingers against the air. Following which, two black rays of light filled with an intense Reincarnation ripple cut through the sky and shot towards Qingtan with lightning like speed.
Up against their combined attack, Qingtan immediately felt endangered. Promptly, she clenched her teeth, tightened the grip over her Darkness Saint Scythe, before she readied herself to go all-out to fight against them. 
Bang!
However, a thunder resounded across the sky just as she was about to act. Everyone was stunned, before they lifted their heads and saw that the sky had unknowingly became covered with dense thunder clouds. After which, a lightning dragon, which was tens of thousands of feet in size, descended from the sky and quickly shattered the two black light rays that contained a Reincarnation ripple. Subsequently, the lightning dragon roared before it ruthlessly charged towards the two grand elders.
The two grand elders were startled. Their frightening auras surged as they promptly threw a palm forward, which collided head on with the lightning dragon.
Boom!
Lightning sparks rained down from all directions, forcing the two grand elders back by more than a hundred steps. Their expressions immediately changed as they cried out sternly, “Who is it?”
Rumble.
Another thunderbolt fell from the sky. Then, it landed in front of Qingtan, whose eyes were now filled with shock. After which, that lightning slowly agglomerated before they finally transformed into a human, in front of countless pairs of shocked eyes.
“Protect the palace master!”
The two black robed elders hurriedly rushed to the front of Qingtan. Meanwhile, their eyes were filled with caution as they stared at that figure. The hundreds of black figures below also moved instantly and surrounded Qingtan in the process.
The lightning gradually scattered in front of everyone’s eyes before a skinny young figure appeared in front of them.
That figure slowly turned around after he showed up. After which, he looked at Qingtan, whose entire body had suddenly stiffened. Finally, he gave her a gentle smile.
Qingtan was a little dumbstruck at this moment. In fact, she could not even maintain the grip over her Darkness Saint Scythe, as the scythe shook and fell onto the ground with a loud ‘clang’. She was staring in shock at that figure, before tears started to fall from her cold and large eyes.
She gently pushed aside her guards and staggered forward. Then, her footsteps suddenly quickened, while the tears in her eyes crazily gushed forward, just like a broken water dam.
Sob.
Finally, she violently leaped onto that skinny figure. While the members of the Judgement Army were all staring at her in bewilderment, she continued to cry. In fact, she hugged that figure and continued to cry wildly. Her cries, which could break one’s heart, was emitted from the altar and finally resounded throughout the sky above the square.
In front of him, she was no longer the palace master of Darkness Palace. Instead, she was always going to be that little stooge who only knew how to hide behind his back. This was also why she could cry so recklessly in front of him. It was because she knew that he would endure any tantrums that she threw, and shoulder any burdens that she faced. 
Lin Dong looked at that girl, who was sobbing uncontrollably, before his nose involuntarily became runny. He extended his hand and tightly hugged that girl’s soft body. Just like many years ago, he was still the same young man back at Qingyang Town who would always protect this little girl. 
“Hey. Don’t cry. With big brother around, you will never get bullied.”





 Chapter 1234: Display of Might
Qingtan’s heart wrenching cry spread from the altar and reverberated across the sky above Darkness Square. This caused countless people to be stunned, especially the experts from Darkness Judgement Hall. Ever since Qingtan entered Darkness Judgement Hall, all they had seen was a cold and almost emotionless young lady. No one knew how much blood were on her fair little hands. In a short three years, she had advanced from an ordinary disciple to the most authoritative position, head judge, and even the other two deputy heads treated her with great respect despite her youth.
However, after getting used to seeing Qingtan’s bloody tactics, for the very first time today, they found that she also possessed such a weak side to her. She had completely lost her usual methods and charisma. Instead, she had truly become a girl who matched her age… 
Bewilderment filled the eyes of the elders from the Elder Council as they watched this scene. The two grand elders in the sky stared at the skinny figure with a dark and gloomy expression.
The sound of Qingtan crying went on and on. It was as though she wanted to cry out all the hardships and grievances she had suppressed over the last three years. Subsequently, Lin Dong looked at his wet chest as a wave of helplessness washed over him. He rubbed the little girl’s head and said, “Hey, have you still not cried enough? You do know that you are the current palace master of Darkness Palace right.”
The girl in his embrace sobbed softly. Only then did she lift her large red eyes. She looked at the matured yet familiar face, rubbed her sharp nose and said, “Big brother Lin Dong… I knew that nothing would happen to you.”
“I am definitely fine, but I’m afraid that the same cannot be said for yourself.” Lin Dong glared at her a little. His eyes contained a slight bit of ill intent.
As someone who had grown up with him, Qingtan naturally knew his character like the back of her hand. She instantly understood the situation after seeing Lin Dong’s appearance. Her eyes rotated as a resentful expression emerged on her small face. She hugged Lin Dong and refused to release him.
“This is not going to work. I will deal with you once I resolve the trouble here.” Lin Dong snorted coldly and said.
Qingtan seemed to recover upon hearing this and cold light flashed across her eyes. She clenched her hand and the Darkness Saint Scythe flew into her hands. Soon after, she released Lin Dong. With icy eyes, she looked at the two grand elders in the distant sky as she said, “Big brother Lin Dong, allow me to finish them off this time.”
“Ungh.”
Her words had only just sounded when Lin Dong’s hand violently pinched her face as he snapped, “Stand aside. You can forget about fighting when I am around.”
Under such indignity from Lin Dong, Qingtan’s small face immediately frowned. This also caused the eyelids of the experts from Darkness Judgement Hall to twitch a little. It was likely that the impact of this scene was slightly too great.
“They are very formidable.” Qingtan said. These two grand elders were even more frightening than the three great heads of Yuan Gate...
“Your brother is even more formidable.” Lin Dong grinned and gently patted Qingtan’s head. However, his expression gradually became cold. The overbearing actions of these two elders towards Qingtan earlier had been clearly witnessed by him. Murderous intent involuntarily surged within his heart when he thought of how this little girl had been treated by them. Other than his parents, even he could not bring himself to scold or bully her. Just who did these two wretched old fogeys think they were?
A sweet feeling swelled in Qingtan’s heart when she saw Lin Dong’s expression. After which, she nodded obediently.
“May I know who this skillful friend is? Why are you intervening in the matters of our Darkness Palace?” The two grand elders frowned after seeing the intimate actions between Lin Dong and Qingtan and demanded in a deep voice.
Lin Dong slowly turned around. His expression was indifferent as he looked at the two grand elders in the sky. “Did you have a good time bullying others earlier?”
“Friend, this is an internal matter of our Darkness Palace.”
“Qingtan is my younger sister.” An intimidating blade like smile surfaced on Lin Dong’s face. 
The faces of the two grand elders turn rigid for a moment, before growing increasingly gloomy. It was unexpected that this seemingly lone little girl actually had such a powerful big brother  to support her. Why had no one mentioned this before?
The countless Northern Xuan Region experts in Darkness Square looked to each other. So the new palace master actually had such a powerful big brother. From the looks of what the two grand elders had treated Qingtan, it was likely that this big brother of hers would not simply let the matter rest.
“Even if you are her big brother, she must be held accountable to the tens of thousands of people in Darkness Palace with regards to this matter.” The two grand elders coldly said.
“Accountable?”
Lin Dong seemed to laugh. Murder seemed to pour out of his eyes like a flood. “There should no longer be a need to account once I kill you two old farts, right?”
Lin Dong clearly comprehended the current situation of Darkness Palace. These two old things had merely used their seniority to bully others, causing the many members of Darkness Palace to be afraid of speaking out. Once these two were dealt with, everything would be naturally resolved.
“Humph, arrogant brat. Why don’t you come and try and see if you can really finish the both of us off!”
Icy light flickered in the eyes of the two grand elders when they heard this. Although they could sense that it would be troublesome to deal with Lin Dong, they did not fear him. Their Reincarnation stage strength allowed them to look down on all experts. They did not believe that this little brat, who appeared to be only a little older than Qingtan, could really match them.
“Is that so?”
Lin Dong’s mouth parted into a grin. However, ferocity emanated from this grin of his. His body moved and directly appeared in the sky. He clenched his hands and thunder clouds suddenly converged the sky. Meanwhile, frightening thunderbolts crazily gathered. 
The Yuan Power of the entire place began to fluctuate wildly at this moment.
“Bang!”
Upon seeing this, the auras of the two grand elders surged as mighty Yuan Power unfurled. A dense Reincarnation ripple spread, causing one to feel a sense of dread.
“Great Darkness Palm!”
The hand seals formed by the both of them changed, followed by an explosive shout. The two attacked together. Boundless Yuan Power turned into two incomparably black giant palms that shattered the void and ruthlessly swatted at Lin Dong.
Lightning flashed within Lin Dong’s pupils as he leaped forward. Countless thunderbolts madly descended. They were accompanied by heaven’s might as they smashed heavily onto the two giant darkness palm. As lightning flashed, the wild and violent thunderbolt energy directly shattered the two giant darkness palms.
Swoosh!
Lin Dong’s body turned into a flash of lightning as it shot forward. A fist was thrown and thunder rumbled. A ten thousand feet large lightning dragon suddenly roared and shot forward.
“Darkness Shield!”
The two grand elders sternly cried out. Yuan Power frantically condensed in front of them and turned into an enormous ten thousand feet large darkness shield. Reincarnation ripples flowed over its surface.
Rumble!
The lightning dragon viciously battered the darkness shield. Under the dazzling glow of lightning, waves of extremely violent energy wildly eroded the shield. In a split second, the darkness shield was covered in cracks. With a final ‘bang’, the shield was completely blasted apart.
Swoosh!
The pupils of the two elders shrunk the moment the darkness shield exploded. This was because they saw a figure appeared in front of them in a ghost like fashion. Purplish gold light dashed into the sky as thousands of purplish gold dragon tattoos let out a prolonged roar that resounded over the sky.
Roar!
Purplish gold dragon claws instantly tore through space, bringing with it a titanic shadow as it ruthlessly smashed towards the two grand elders whose expressions had changed. 
The shadow engulfed them as terrifying power directly shook space itself until it was slightly distorted. After which, the two grand elders cried out loudly. Both of their hands were swung and an extremely dense Reincarnation ripple gathered in their palms. This caused their a white gem like luster to appear on their hands.
Boom!
The palms and dragon claw slammed into each other and a hurricane was formed in the sky. Everyone was overwhelmed with shock as they watched the two grand elders being forced back a ten thousand feet.
An earthshaking uproar erupted. Terror surged within the gazes which were looking towards Lin Dong. Who could have imagined that the latter would actually be able to gain such an obvious advantage in this two versus one situation. Just how frightening was this fellow?
The expressions of the elders from the Elder Council drastically changed when they saw this scene. Unease surged out in their eyes.
The two black robed elders on the altar were also greatly shocked as they looked to each other. They would never have imagined that palace master’s big brother was actually so powerful… 
Qingtan’s face was flooded with joy. Looks like big brother Lin Dong had grown a lot stronger over the past three years.
In the sky, Lin Dong wore an unsympathetic expression as he looked at the two grand elders, who had been pushed back. The strength of these two were merely at the ordinary Reincarnation stage. In terms of strength, they were inferior to the three great heads of Yuan Gate that had merged into the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Given his current strength, taking care of them was not too troublesome.
Lin Dong extended his hand towards the two in the distance and lightly closed it.
Ch!
As his hand closed, the space around the two grand elders immediately distorted as four giant black vortexes appeared out of nowhere. 
Buzz.
The black holes suddenly started to rotate as terrifying Devouring Power erupted, creating a frightening tearing force. Even space itself was forcefully ripped to shreds.
The two grand elders also realised just how frightening the tearing force was. They hurriedly unleashed their full strength and frantically blocked the invading tearing force. After which, their faces flushed red. With a loud cry, they finally broke out from the black hole prison.
Rumble!
However, a thunderous sound appeared the moment they had charged out from the black hole prison. Dazzling light seemed to fill the entire area as a ten thousand feet large thunderbolt light pillar descended like the light of judgement. In the end, it ruthlessly slammed onto the two figures with lightning speed.
Boom!
Black smoke rose from the two black figures as they fell from the sky. They ultimately landed on Darkness Square in front of countless pairs of stunned eyes, creating a ten thousand feet deep pit on its incomparably hard surface.
Two miserable figures painstakingly stood up in the pit. Their bodies staggered as a mouthful of blood was involuntarily spat out. 
The elders of the Elder Council almost fainted when they saw this scene. Horror frantically rose in their hearts. Their strongest trump card was actually defeated in such a manner?





 Chapter 1235: Scythe Spirit
Buzz buzz!
A loud hubbub erupted from the entire Darkness Square at this moment. The leaders of the various factions of the Northern Xuan Region were dumbstruck as they watched this scene, while intense shock rose on their faces.
Only a short period of time had passed, yet the two Reincarnation stage grand elders had already been defeated?
“How is this possible?!”
This sentence was repeated in the hearts of countless people. Many shocked eyes looked to the lightning god like Lin Dong amidst the thunderbolt backdrop in the sky. Just who on earth was he? Where had he popped out from? To think that he had reached… such a frightening level.
In the sky, Lin Dong looked at the two people in the huge pit with an indifferent expression as he said in a faint voice, “Am I now qualified to repeat the words I said earlier?”
This time, the entire place was completely silent. Even the elders from the Elder Council had sealed their mouths shut. Other than the elders who most fiercely opposed Qingtan, the eyes of the others flickered with thought. This big brother of Qingtan, who had appeared from nowhere, clearly possessed an extremely terrifying strength. If they offended him, it was likely that no one here would be able to stop him.
Atop the altar, joy was revealed in the eyes of the experts from Darkness Judgement Hall. The two grand elders were the trump card of the Elder Council. If even they were of no use, it was likely that the Elder Council would no longer dare to fight against palace master.
The two grand elders within the deep pit spat out a mouthful of blood. Their elderly faces had become much paler. It was clear that they had suffered rather serious injuries due to Lin Dong’s ferocious attack.
“You!”
The two grand elders gritted their teeth and looked at Qingtan on the altar as they sternly said, “This is an internal affair of our Darkness Palace. Yet, you involved an outsider for your own ends. How can anyone accept you as the palace master?!”
Qingtan smiled when she heard this and replied, “Grand elders, these words are indeed well spoken. However, when you have tried to suppress me earlier, did any of you remember your status? Your seniority is even higher than my master. Yet, just look at your earlier actions.”
Qingtan was no longer the pampered little girl from back then. Her sharp words not only caused the expressions of the two grand elders to pale, but even the various leaders in the square, who had remained neutral, to quietly nod their heads. These two did not know the meaning of shame when they made use of their age to bully others earlier. However, they immediately brought up this matter the moment they suffered a loss. Did they really think that everyone present was a blind fool?
“I originally could not be bothered with the affairs of your Darkness Palace. However, Qingtan is first my little sister before she is the palace master of your Darkness Palace. Since you people bullied her, as her big brother, I will naturally stand up for her. I’m afraid that the matter today will not be resolved so easily.” Lin Dong’s eyes were stern and cold as he stared at the two grand elders. His flat voice surged with killing intent.
Lin Dong’s words clearly indicated that he would not let the matter rest so easily today. This made the expressions of the two grand elders change. After having exchanged blows with Lin Dong previously, they could now tell just how powerful the latter was. If they were to directly clash against him, even the both of them combined would not be his match.
The elders from the Elder Council also had pale expressions. If the two grand elders were dealt with today, they would lose their greatest backer. Just the thought of Qingtan’s methods made them shudder.
“You should not be too arrogant. Do you really think that it is so easy to bully our Darkness Palace?!” The two grand elders shouted.
Lin Dong looked at the both of them in an indifferent manner and ceased speaking. However, thunder clouds began to gather in the sky as berserk thunderbolt energy swiftly agglomerated.
“You!” Savage expressions flashed across the eyes of the grand elders after seeing that Lin Dong was unmoved. Soon after, the grand elders faced each other, before they gritted their teeth and cried out, “Alright, you asked for it. Do you really think that the both of us have no way to deal with you?!”
One of them extended his hand the moment their words faded. Light gathered on his palm and transformed into a black bead the size of a longan. The bead was covered in numerous complex inscriptions.
Surprise flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes when he saw this scene. He could detect an extremely unusual ripple from the black bead.
The black bead slowly rose from his outstretched palm as the savageness within the eyes of the two grand elders became even more intense. Finally, they bit the tip of their tongue. A mouthful of essence blood shot out and landed onto the the black bead.
“We respectfully invite the ancestor’s spirit!”
The two them cried out in unison. Rays of black light exploded from the black bead. The black light gradually gathered together and transformed into an illusory light figure.
The light figure was tall and had a face akin to jade. However, there was little intelligence in those eyes. However, this did not stop the frightening fluctuation that emanated from within his body. This ripple was something that even the two Reincarnation stage grand elders could not be compared to!
The strength of this light figure had already reached the peak of someone who had crossed the first Reincarnation Tribulation!
Lin Dong’s expression turned a little grim at this moment as alarm flashed across his eyes. This Darkness Palace did have some hidden techniques. No wonder it had been able to protect the Darkness Ancestral Symbol.
“Ancestor’s spirit?!”
Many exclamations erupted from Darkness Square following the appearance of the figure. The light figure was surprisingly the first palace master of Darkness Palace!
“How could this happen? How could they have summoned ancestor’s spirit?” The two black robed elders exclaimed as astonishment filled their eyes.
“Buzz buzz.”
Atop the altar, the Darkness Saint Scythe in Qingtan’s hands shook violently the moment the light figure appeared, causing her expression to change. She could feel that the Darkness Saint Scythe seemed to have an intimate connection with the light figure.
Qingtan’s small hands tightly grabbed the Darkness Saint Scythe as the expression in her eyes fluctuated. Moments later, she seemed to have suddenly understood something and exclaimed, “This is the Darkness Saint Scythe spirit?”
The expressions of the two grand elders changed upon hearing Qingtan’s exclamation.
“So that’s it… no wonder master never mentioned anything about the Darkness Saint Scythe spirit. It turns out that someone secretly stole the scythe spirit. How bold of you to hide the sacred spirit. This is a great sin to my Darkness Palace, so great that it is sufficient to strip both of you of your positions as grand elders!” Qingtan’s pretty face was frosty as she coldly cried out.
A commotion erupted within Darkness Square. Many of the Darkness Palace upper echelons revealed shocked expressions. The scythe spirit of the Darkness Saint Scythe had actually been stolen by the two grand elders. No wonder they dared to confidently say that the Darkness Saint Scythe was incomplete… 
“Humph, this is not a place where you can utter such nonsense!”
A cold glint flashed in the eyes of the two grand elders as they sent out a thought. In a flash, the light figure appeared in front of Lin Dong. After which, bright light surged. It was accompanied by an astonishing power as it swept towards Lin Dong.
While the light figure was holding Lin Dong back, those two grand elders charged towards Qingtan in a phantom like manner. From the looks of it, they were planning on capturing the latter. At that time, Lin Dong would have to proceed with caution.
“Humph.”
A cold glint flashed across Qingtan’s eyes when she saw the two grand elders charging towards her. Her small hands grasped the Darkness Saint Scythe tightly as the ancient symbol on her brow became increasingly clear. After which, the scythe was swung with a ‘swoosh’ sound and darkness seemed to engulf the entire place for an instant.
Clang!
One of the grand elders arrived and mighty Yuan Power surged. Reincarnation ripples emanated from his palm as it clashed against the sharp scythe.
Sparks flew and a distorted feeling emerged in the surrounding area. After which, Qingtan and the grand elder were forced a dozen steps back. However, before she could stabilize the fluctuations in her body, another figure shot towards her and the other grand elder launched his ferocious attack.
A cold glint flickered within Qingtan’s eyes when she saw this. Just as she was about to attack again, a beautiful white figure suddenly appeared in front of her. A longsword seemed to hum as it thrust forward. After which, an inconspicuous sword glow shot out and collided head on with the grand elder’s attack.
Swish!
The sword glow shot past and blood splattered. The grand elder let out a miserable cry as his body catapulted backwards in a miserable fashion. Blood dripped from his hand. After which, his furious gaze shifted over and saw a beautiful figure in a white dress silently standing in front of Qingtan. Blood dripped from the three feet long sword in her hand.
The person who had attacked was naturally Ling Qingzhu, who had hidden herself by the side.
This sudden and unexpected change caused many surprised pairs of eyes to look over. Amazement rose in their eyes when they saw the beautiful figure in white.
At this moment, all the experts from Darkness Judgement Hall finally recovered. They hurriedly clustered around Qingtan to protect her.
Qingtan was likewise surprised as she looked at Ling Qingzhu, who had appeared beside her. The latter’s demeanor and the beautiful outline under her veil caused her to be slightly stunned. Subsequently, she glanced at Lin Dong in the sky. Her small mouth pouted slightly as she looked at Ling Qingzhu again asked, “Who are you?”
Ling Qingzhu was also slightly startled. Soon after, she replied, “I am known as Ling Qingzhu.”
Qingtan stared at her and muttered, “Could you be big brother Lin Dong’s…”
Although she did not finish her words, Ling Qingzhu naturally understood what she was trying to ask. Despite her aloof character, her face involuntarily flushed a little at this moment. After which, she quietly shook her head.
Some doubt remained on Qingtan’s face. However, she did not press the matter. All she did was look at the sky in a somewhat worried manner where extremely frightening fluctuations were spreading. The strength of the ancestor’s spirit was terrifying to the extreme. She did not know if Lin Dong could cope.
Bang!
An astonishing energy ripple swept over the sky. Lin Dong took a couple of steps back. His expression darkened when he glanced at the scene below. These two old codgers were really shameless. To think that they had actually taken advantage of this opportunity to attack Qingtan.
The faces of those two grand elders twitched under Lin Dong’s gaze. However, they were slightly comforted after seeing the scythe spirit. This scythe spirit could be considered the guardian of Darkness Palace. As long as this thing was in their hands, it was likely that Lin Dong would not be able to do anything to them.
Lin Dong seemed to comprehend their thoughts, and a cold glint flitted across his pitch-black eyes. A flash of black light shot out with a wave of his sleeve and turned into a black blade wielding figure which stood guard beside Qingtan and Ling Qingzhu. With the protection of the Sky Devouring Corpse, these two old codgers would not dare to launch another sneak attack.
“Do you really think that this thing can protect you?”
Lin Dong slowly lifted his eyes, looked at the scythe spirit before him and smiled coldly. Just as he was about to act, Yan’s voice resounded within his heart, causing him to be slightly stunned.
“Heh heh, since we are both divine object spirits, leave this little one to me.”





 Chapter 1236: Modus Operandus
“You?”
Upon hearing Yan’s words, Lin Dong instantly gawked before quietly chuckling in his heart. Since his awakening, this fellow had always hid within his body. Moreover, for matters pertaining to straight up combat, he rarely volunteered himself. Therefore, this was the first time Lin Dong encountered a situation like this. 
“Can you handle it?” With suspicion in his heart, Lin Dong asked. The Scythe Spirit before them was exceptionally powerful and it was comparable to a Reincarnation stage expert that had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation. Therefore, even Lin Dong would find it extremely troublesome to deal with. Although Yan had recovered significantly since his awakening, his appearance suggests that he does not possess much combat abilities.
“Tsk. I’m the boss of the divine objects and I am ranked second on the Ancient Divine Object Ranking List, okay? During the ancient times, at my peak condition, even an opponent that had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation wouldn’t pose a threat to me.” Yan replied with a laugh. 
Lin Dong secretly smiled. With regards to this, he had never doubted Yan. Judging by the fact that he had suppressed numerous Yimo kings during the ancient great world war, it was clear that this super grade divine object created by the Symbol Ancestor possessed extremely astonishing combat prowess. Nevertheless, he had similarly suffered great damage back then and had yet to recover since.
“During that ancient great world war, the Darkness Saint Scythe suffered the heaviest blow. Back then, the Darkness Master was wielding it when she crossed blows with the Yimo Emperor. In the end, she suffered a miserable defeat and the Scythe Spirit of the Darkness Saint Scythe was also killed by the Yimo Emperor. Ever since then, the Darkness Saint Scythe has never been as powerful as before.” Yan slowly said. 
Hearing that, Lin Dong’s pupils froze slightly. The Darkness Master was actually that fearsome? She actually dared to cross blows with the Yimo Emperor. This was something that he could not tell judging by her sweet and delicate appearance.
“As of now, the current Scythe Spirit should have been forged after the second owner of the Darkness Ancestral Symbol sacrificed his body. Nevertheless, given his strength, it was clear that he was not powerful enough to recreate the Scythe Spirit. Therefore, I believe that this is only because there were remnant traces of the original Scythe Spirit within the Darkness Saint Scythe . Therefore, he merged with them and repaired it, before he was finally able to create a new Scythe Spirit.” Yan was clearly extremely knowledgeable about this situation, as he was able to decipher the truth with a single glance.
“Nevertheless, the Scythe Spirit that we are seeing now does not possess much intelligence. Clearly, it’s still at its infancy. Therefore, it’s extremely easy for me to deal with it.” Yan said with a smile.
Upon hearing that, Lin Dong nodded his head slightly before he said, “Since that is the case, I’ll leave it to you.”
Standing in the sky, while Lin Dong was conversing with Yan, the faces of the two grand elders below fluctuated as they stared at the Sky Devouring Corpse standing in front of Qingtan. That was because they were able to sense extremely dangerous fluctuations radiating from its body.
“Where exactly did that brat come from? Not only is he terrifyingly powerful, he also has such a formidable puppet.” The two grand elders shot a look at one another, before they both noticed the uneasiness present in each other’s eyes. It seems like there was no way they were going to wrap up today’s matter so easily. 
“We can only hope that the Scythe Spirit is powerful enough to deal with that Lin Dong…”
The two of them quietly sighed in their hearts. After which, they lifted their heads before their pupils suddenly froze as they exclaimed, “That is?”
At the spot that they were looking at, a faint white glow had suddenly erupted from Lin Dong’s body. After which, the white glow condensed and transformed into a glowing figure.
That figure bore some resemblance to the Scythe Spirit. However, when they realized that unlike the Scythe Spirit, there weren’t any frightening ripples radiating from the latter’s body, they began to feel slightly at ease.
“Hmph. Is that brat planning to rely on that to deal with the Scythe Spirit? He is truly overestimating himself.” The two men snorted coldly, while a derisive glint flashed across their eyes.
At this moment, countless pairs of eyes in the Darkness Square had similarly converged on the two glowing figures in the sky. Meanwhile, anyone could tell that the Scythe Spirit was already the final trump card of the two grand elders. Therefore, if this move failed, the elders who opposed Qingtan would all be in trouble. 
Yan appeared in a flash. Shooting a look at the somewhat vacant looking Scythe Spirit, he shook his head before he sighed and said, “I never imagined that you would end up like this. Nevertheless, it’s still better than vanishing into thin air. Given sufficient time, you should be able to make a complete recovery.”
When the Scythe Spirit’s vacant eyes looked at Yan, some fluctuations began to ripple within its deadpan emotionless eyes.
“Something’s wrong?”
Upon seeing this, the faces of the two grand elders changed as they hastily changed their hand seals and tried to control the Scythe Spirit.
“The Scythe Spirit of the Darkness Saint Scythe isn’t something that you trash can control.” Yan sneered as he shot a ridiculing look at the two of them. In the next instant, he used his finger to tap the empty space, before a warm white ray of light shot forth and flew right into the middle of the Scythe Spirit’s forehead.
Humm!
After that warm white ray of light shot in, the Scythe Spirit’s body suddenly began to tremble. After which, white glow continuously erupted from its body. As the white glow flowed, black symbols began to appear on the chest of the Scythe Spirit. 
Under the illumination of the warm white glow, the black glowing lines melted away at an astonishing speed. Immediately, the faces of the two grand elders became violently contorted. That was because the black symbols were the curse that they were using to control the Scythe Spirit. However, it was actually being expelled from the body of the Scythe Spirit right before their eyes.
“Dammit!”
Their faces were filled with fear as they quickly tried to activate the curse. However, soon after, a faint cracking sound appeared before the black symbols vanished one after another. Moreover, the instant the symbols disappeared, they immediately realized that they had lost control of the Scythe Spirit.
“How is this possible…”
Their faces instantly turned pale as they stared in bewilderment at Yan. After all, never did they expect that the the latter was actually able to dispel their curse so easily. Moreover, this was something that even peak level experts, that have passed Reincarnation Tribulations, weren’t able to do so!
Yan changed his hand seal before glowing seals descended onto the Scythe Spirit’s body. In the next instant, a bright and resplendent light erupted from its body, before the light began to condense. Finally, while it was being stared at by countless onlookers, it once again transformed into a black pearl. 
Yan opened his palm before that black pearl landed within. Then, he tossed it towards Lin Dong and said, “Place the Scythe Spirit back into the Darkness Saint Scythe . Only by doing so, will it be able to gradually recover.”
Lin Dong caught that black pearl. Meanwhile, there was a tinge of shock in his eyes. Clearly, he never expected that the curse on the Scythe Spirit would be dispelled so easily by Yan.
“There’s nothing strange about this. Amongst the ultimate divine objects created personally by my owner, I am the top-ranked object. Therefore, it’s only natural that I’ve got the means to suppress them.” Yan said with a smile. Although he had hardly displayed his astonishing strength in the past, regardless, he was the legendary item that was ranked second on the Ancient Divine Object Rankings. Therefore, one must be stupid if one dares to underestimate him.
With a faint smile, Lin Dong nodded his head. Promptly, he flicked his finger before that black pearl shot towards Qingtan, “Catch it.”
When Qingtan saw this, a black glow immediately erupted from the Darkness Saint Scythe  in her hand. After that light swept forth, they absorbed the black pearl and brought it into the body of the scythe. In the next instant, the Darkness Saint Scythe started to hum and shake, before terrifying fluctuations erupted from within it. Then, its originally massive body grew by a notch. As it was being held by the petite Qingtan, this scene looked beautiful in a peculiar way. 
Located in the square, the elders from the Elder Council were staring at this scene with ashen faces. In particular, the first elder’s body started to tremble uncontrollably, before he staggered and stumbled as he took two steps back.
Currently, a commotion had erupted in the square. Moreover, everyone clearly knew what the scene before them implied. The Elder Council’s attempt to force Qingtan to step down had failed completely. 
Above the altar, Qingtan tightened the grip over her Darkness Saint Scythe . However, her beautiful face suddenly turned icy cold. She gently swung her scythe before a brilliant black ray of light shot out, causing the Ancestral Tablet floating in the sky to slowly disappear. As it slowly disappeared, the suppression effects on the Ancestral Symbol within her body began to disappear. Once again, the entire place slowly darkened. 
“Two grand elders, do you know the crime that the two of you have committed by hiding the Scythe Spirit?” 
When they heard Qingtan’s icy cold voice, the two grand elders’ bodies trembled. Just as they were about to speak up, they saw Lin Dong slowly descending from the sky. After which, that terrifying puppet wielding a long black blade hovered over. Meanwhile, there was a chilling glow, that caused their hearts to shudder, shimmering on its black blade. 
A dense killing intent spread from within Lin Dong’s body. Clearly, if those two grand elders made the slightest move, a bout of lightning attacks would immediately descend upon them. 
The two grand elders’ expressions changed drastically as the rich scent of death gushed into their hearts. Finally, a shade of fear flashed across their eyes. After struggling for a brief moment, they trembled as they spoke, “We two old men were indeed blinded by greed today. Please have mercy, palace master!”
“Plop!”
After the two of them spoke, the numerous elders within the Elder Council immediately knelt down before they cried out, “Palace master, we were forced by the first elder. Please have mercy, palace master!”
Upon hearing that, the face of the first elder instantly turned ashen while his body began to tremble continuously due to fear and dread.
The situation within the square had changed so quickly that no one had the time to react to it. Who could have imagined that the overbearing and forceful Elder Council would collapse so quickly.
The leaders of various factions in the Northern Xuan Region sighed secretly within their hearts. When they turned to look at that lovable figure above the altar, their eyes were all filled with respect. From today onwards, she was clearly the true palace master of Darkness Palace! 
“Palace master. There are too many individuals involved in this matter. If you punished all of them, I am afraid that it’ll be detrimental to our Darkness Palace.” Upon seeing this scene, the two black robed elders spoke out softly.
Those two grand elders clearly knew how crucial they were to Darkness Palace. That was also why they chose to surrender so swiftly. 
Qingtan nodded her head slightly. Promptly, she waved her small hand before dozens of black glowing talismans appeared in a flash. Finally, they flew across the sky before they appeared in front of the two grand elders as well as the numerous elders. Meanwhile, there was a dense black glow glimmering on the surface of those talismans.
“Elders, your attempt to force me to step down is a crime punishable by death. However, on account that all of you have made contributions to my Darkness Palace, I’ll pardon your death sentence. However, even though you are all exempted from death, all of you cannot run away from your sentences. This is the Darkness Saint Talisman of our Darkness Palace. If all of you want to keep your lives, you will swallow it.” Qingtan’s icy cold voice resounded across the square.
When they heard her words, the elders’ expressions changed drastically. After all, all of them knew about the Darkness Saint Talisman. Once they ate it, their lives would be completely under Qingtan’s control. Furthermore, any attempts at resisting will immediately result in their death. 
“As long as all of you are loyal and faithful to me in the future, I will naturally not take action against any of you. As such, the Darkness Saint Talismans would be rendered useless. After all, I do not wish to weaken my palace on my own accord...”
Sweeping her gaze across those hesitating elders, Qingtan asked in an indifferent tone, “What’s the matter? From the looks of it, it seems like you elders are still trying to rebel?”
“We don’t dare!”
When they heard her words, those elders finally clenched their teeth viciously, before they swallowed the Darkness Saint Talisman down their throats. Regardless, they wanted to live. Furthermore, what Qingtan said wasn’t wrong. They were the elites of the palace, and as long as they did not plot against her in the future, Qingtan would not harm them. In that case, swallowing the talisman might even serve as a guarantee that Qingtan would not take action against them in the future.
When the two grand elders saw this scene, they released a deep sigh before they swallowed the Darkness Saint Talisman into their bodies.
When Qingtan saw this scene, she finally nodded her head gently. Finally, she cast her icy cold gaze towards the one and only first elder, who wasn’t given a Darkness Saint Talisman. Then, her cold voice rang out, “As for the perpetrator, he must die. Elders, capture that man!”
“You!”
The face of the first elder changed instantly. He was just about to roar in anger when he saw the malicious gazes from the numerous elders in his surroundings. Even before he could resist, they had already made a move. Boundless Yuan Power swept forwards, suppressing him until he couldn’t move at all.
“Send him into the Darkness Judgement Hall and deal with him using our rules!” Qingtan roared out.
After this sentence rang out, shades of despair instantly gushed into the eyes of the first elder. Meanwhile, the bodies of some elders turned stiff. After entering the Darkness Judgement Hall, even death was considered as a luxury. At this moment, they began to celebrate the fact that they had responded quickly previously. 
On the square, shock filled the hearts of the various leaders as they took in the scene before them. This was the first time they witnessed the modus operandus of the new palace master. In a few moves, not only did she maintain the strength of her Darkness Palace, but she even took complete control of it. Moreover, her final move was exceptionally vicious as she wanted to intimidate those elders and force them to be grateful that they were able to live. As such, it seemed like no one would ever dare to commit the same offence ever again. 
Her methods… were truly formidable.
Standing in the sky, Lin Dong remained calm and tranquil as he stared at how Qingtan cleaned up the mess. Nevertheless, not the slightest bit of joy was present within his eyes. Instead, with no emotion on his face, he kept his Sky Devouring Corpse before he descended above the altar.
Qingtan saw that Lin Dong had came over with an emotionless face. Since she knew Lin Dong’s temperament down to the core, she naturally knew what the former was thinking about. Gently waving her small hands, she dismissed the experts from the Darkness Judgement Hall, leaving only the two black robed elders, who had their heads gently lowered. 
After everyone left, she lowered her head slightly before she walked towards Lin Dong. Then, she extended her small hands and gently tugged at him. However, despite that, the former only shot an indifferent glare at her before giving a cold snort, “Truly a good move. Where did you learn it from?” 
He was quite angry over this. Although he knew that Qingtan had to utilize such methods in order to cement her position as the palace master of Darkness Palace, from the perspective of an older brother, he didn’t like seeing his lovable, naive and cute little sister pulling off such frightening schemes. That was because at times, when people pull off such schemes, it was equivalent to corrupting their own bodies. 
Pouting her little mouth, Qingtan gave Lin Dong a hug, before she drilled her little face into his bosom. Then, her frail little shoulders started to tremble gently, before a mutter filled with grievance rang out, “I don’t like to wear these masks as well. However...you were not around and no one was taking care of me… Furthermore, as long as I can take revenge for you, I don’t care even if I become someone that you don’t like .”
At this moment, Lin Dong’s body began to tremble gently. Promptly, he turned to look at that little girl in his embrace, before he gave a long sigh. This lass has truly grasped his Achilles heel. After that one sentence, how could he possibly fault her? 





 Chapter 1237: Devils Attack
The attempted abdication of Darkness Palace had been suppressed by Lin Dong’s timely actions and Qingtan’s brilliance before it could go out of control.
This not only enabled Darkness Palace to remain largely intact, but also allowed Qingtan to cement her grasp of power. Henceforth, she would be the true palace master of Darkness Palace. Of course, given the position of Darkness Palace within the Northern Xuan Region, it would not be wrong to call her the empress of the Northern Xuan Region.
Such a situation was something Lin Dong would never have even dreamed of. He never expected that the day would come where this little tag along would attain accomplishments that would make even himself speechless.
However, these achievements made him feel quite helpless. He had only wished for her to be how she was in the past; a cute, silly and pampered girl who could be merry all day long...
Regardless, there was now nothing that could be done, and Lin Dong could only accept it. This was especially so whenever he was about to get angry. The lass would immediately become resentful and display a look of resignation to any scolding or beating, causing him to both laugh and his mood to improve. Hence, he could only let the matter of her final punishment rest.
In the end, what made Lin Dong heave a sigh of relief, was that at the very least, the same sincere feelings from the heart from many years ago remained when facing Qingtan; this pure feeling was the main reason why Lin Dong allowed the pitiful-acting Qingtan to fool around in the past.
Although he was exceedingly doting towards her, if she was to use underhanded tactics on those close to her, Lin Dong would be truly disappointed in her. This was his greatest taboo.
Following the end of the ceremony, Lin Dong spent the subsequent days resting in Darkness City. With the situation in Darkness Palace having just stabilized, Qingtan obviously had many matters to settle. As a result, it was impossible for Lin Dong to forcefully take her away.
At present, he could only wait for her to conclude all these matters.
　　……
A few bamboo houses stood within a secluded bamboo forest. The clear view through the dark green scenery made one feel carefree and relaxed.
Lin Dong was lying on his back in front of a bamboo house with a bamboo leaf in his mouth. Warm sunlight shone down onto his body, causing him to feel lazy all over. After lying in this position for awhile, he pushed his upperbody up and looked to his front where a beautiful lady in a white dress held a three-foot long sword. As the sword lightly danced, her graceful figure was akin to a butterfly. It was a beautiful sight that shook one’s very core.
Watching a lady perform a sword dance was exceedingly pleasing to the eye, especially when this lady had a devastatingly beautiful appearance.
He was unable to take his eyes off her beautiful silhouette. The latter seemed to have sensed his gaze. With a light twitch of her sword and a light tap of her fingertips, a dozen bamboo leaves shot towards Lin Dong like sharp blade glows.
Lin Dong remained motionless, allowing the sharp bamboo leaves to brush past his body and leave deep scars on the ground around him.
Ling Qingzhu kept her sword, walked over and helplessly shook her head as she glanced at Lin Dong. The numerous martial arts she practiced were for pursuing a calm and tranquil state of mind, and she was rather proud of her mental fortitude. Even exceptional experts who led magnificent armies were unable to shake her. The only exception was the man in front of her. A single look from him made her unable to calm her heart.
Just what exactly had she trained for?
Lin Dong gazed at Ling Qingzhu’s expression and involuntary chuckled. “Take a seat and rest, you must be rather tired after following me across such great distances to the Northern Xuan Region, no?”
Ling Qingzhu hesitated slightly. She slightly brushed at the ground with her lily-white hands, before she gently sat down in front of the bamboo house. Subsequently, she extended a slender hand to block the ray of sunlight that shone through the cracks of the bamboo leaves. The radiance of the sunlight on her hand caused the cold and distant expression in her eyes to slowly become more gentle. She turned her head slightly and gazed upon Lin Dong’s languid face. Biting her lips slightly, she remained silent for a long time before suddenly asking, “Are you not asking about Zenith Sensing Art just because I told you not to?”
Lin Dong was stunned by her sudden question. Soon after, he turned to face Ling Qingzhu’s beautiful veiled face. When she saw him look straight at her, she shifted her gaze away instead.
“You must naturally have your own reason to ask me to not inquire about it.”
Lin Dong chuckled and looked at Ling Qingzhu. She had lowered her eyes in response to his words. After which, he said, “Also, a part of me hopes that I’ll be unable to learn it; there still are some things that .... I’m afraid that I can’t do.”
Ling Qingzhu replied, “My Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace owes you a debt, it will not be unreasonable even if you were to request to learn the Zenith Sensing Art.”
“If your Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace owed a debt to anyone else, would you be willing to teach them?” Lin Dong replied while staring at Ling Qingzhu.
“You!”
Ling Qingzhu’s slightly chilly gaze was abruptly awashed with rage. She immediately stood up and tried to storm off in a huff, but Lin Dong suddenly reached out and grabbed her hand.
Touching her hand felt like touching perfect jade; smooth and supple with a hint of coolness. It was a feeling that made one reluctant to part with it.
Their bodies seemed to stiffen at that very moment. Ling Qingzhu definitely did not expect such an action from him. She was initially stunned, but soon attempted to retract her hand. However, Lin Dong reacted by tightly grasping it, making her struggles futile.
“You, what are you doing!” At this moment, Ling Qingzhu’s heart had already plunged into panic as she hurriedly blurted out.
Lin Dong continued to hold her hand. He did not doing anything else, but merely smiled. “So what else are you going to do to stop me?”
Ling Qingzhu lightly clenched her teeth. The warmth spreading from her hand caused her to feel a little weak. Soon after, she turned her head and looked at Lin Dong’s smiling face. In the end, she sighed in her heart and stopped struggling.
The bamboo forest was exceptionally quiet under the sunlight. Two figures held hands, one standing and one sitting. Light seemed to form a halo around the two figures, creating an exceptionally tranquil scene.
This scene seemed to go on forever, before footsteps sounded in the distance, Qingtan’s voice arrived from the distance, “Big brother Lin Dong!”
This sound instantly shattered the tranquility. Ling Qingzhu hurriedly retracted her hand from Lin Dong’s grasp and stood to one side. She did not look at him, but a blush had emerged on her face.
Lin Dong chuckled as if he wished to continue before standing up. A lovely figure flew over from far away before rushing into his embrace like a hungry swallow.
Behind her were several experts from Darkness Palace. However, upon witnessing this scene, they hurriedly lowered their heads and carefully retreated.
Lin Dong looked at the girl wearing a black skirt in his arms and caressed her little head. “Done with today’s matters?”
“More or less.” Qingtan stretched lazily, displaying her exquisite figure. She hugged Lin Dong’s arm as she giggled and saying, “Did big brother Lin Dong miss me?”
“It has only been so long, what are you trying to get at?” Lin Dong shook his head while laughing. “However, father and mother miss you terribly. Hurry and get your matters in order, then follow me back to the Eastern Xuan Region to meet father and mother.”
“When we’re back, father’s definitely going to show his unhappiness, and mother might even smack my bottom. Big brother Lin Dong, you must protect me.” Qingtan fearfully said in a hesitant manner. When she had argued with Liu Yan before she left home back then...
“You reap what you sow. You can only blame yourself and accept your punishment.” Lin Dong shook his head and replied indifferently.
Seeing how unwavering Lin Dong was, Qingtan’s expression instantly turned sour.
Upon hearing this conversation, Ling Qingzhu could not help but smile.
“Sister Qingzhu, have you been living comfortably here?” Qingtan looked towards Ling Qingzhu with a lovely smile as she inquired.
Ling Qingzhu replied with a slight smile and a nod.
Lin Dong watched the two ladies converse and did not interrupt. After a moment, he pulled Qingtan over. “Qingtan, I have something to ask you. You know about the Yimo, right?”
“Yimo?” Qingtan was startled for a moment, before nodding. “I currently possess the Darkness Ancestral Symbol and naturally know about the Yimo.”
“In that case, have you found any traces of Yimos in the Northern Xuan Region?” Lin Dong asked. The Yimo had been so active In the Eastern Xuan Region, it was impossible that there wasn’t any activity here in the Northern Xuan Region, right?
Qingtan scrunched her eyebrows and pondered, before shaking her head. “Our Darkness Palace is the overlord of the Northern Xuan Region. After so many years, we’ve naturally faced off against those evil Yimo, but there wasn’t anything particularly shocking.”
Lin Dong was inwardly surprised. Could it be that the Northern Xuan Region was really so clean? Given Devil Prison’s overbearing methods that had even enabled them to invade the Celestial Demon Marten tribe, no matter how powerful the Darkness Palace was, they wouldn’t be able to force Devil Prison into helplessness, right? Could they really be so wary of the Darkness Ancestral Symbol?
Unable to reach a conclusion, Lin Dong could only shake his head and put the matter aside for the time being.
Because Qingtan had settled the internal affairs of the palace, she stayed here with them. Night quickly fell while the trio engaged in hearty conversation. Qingtan seemed to become extremely indolent once she was at Lin Dong’s side. Under the cover of the moonlight, she simply fell into a deep sleep in Lin Dong’s embrace.
Lin Dong looked at Qingtan, who was lying on his legs like a kitten. Smiling, he carefully carried her and moved her onto the bed in the bamboo house. Only after making sure she was nicely tucked in did he stealthily leave the house.
Under the moonlight, Ling Qingzhu stood in a simple yet elegant manner. She watched Lin Dong walk out and suddenly commented in a soft voice, “Qingtan is really fond of you.”
“She has been like this since young.” Lin Dong replied while nodding.
Ling Qingzhu glanced at him. Just as she was about to speak again, both of their expressions suddenly changed slightly. Looking up, both of them saw a black silhouette standing silently on a bamboo under the crescent moon. A pair of black eyes seemed exceptionally strange under the moonlight.
Lin Dong stared at the silhouette as his pupils slightly contracted.
“Hehe, you’re the Lin Dong that the Fourth Seat King mentioned, right?” The black figure looked at Lin Dong and asked with a soft laugh.
“And which venerable one of Devil Prison might you be?” Lin Dong asked with an icy chuckle.
The black figure lifted his head slightly. Under the moonlight, a face covered with demonic runes was revealed. He grinned, revealing a row of sinisterly white teeth that exuded an eerie aura.
“I’m the Seventh Seat King, and I’m here for you.”





 Chapter 1238: Seventh Seat King
“I’m the Seventh Seat King and I’m here for you.”
After that black figure uttered this sentence, Lin Dong’s expression turned ugly immediately, before his entire body tensed up.
Based on what he knew about Devil Prison, that strange and enormous Yimo group, the most frightening ones were the ones known as the Seated Kings. For example, the Tenth Seat King who showed up in the shattered space back then, and whose strength Lin Dong estimated to surpass experts who have passed two Reincarnation Tribulations. Moreover, the Seventh Seat King standing in front of him was likely in no way weaker than the Tenth Seat King.
This was Lin Dong’s first face-to-face encounter with a top ranked individual of Devil Prison.
The Fourth Seat King, whom he met in the Eastern Xuan Region, was terrifying, but that was just his avatar. Therefore, he did not pose much of a threat to Lin Dong. However, the Seventh Seat King standing in front of him was the real deal!
Black light and lightning glow slowly emerged within Lin Dong’s eyes. Meanwhile, his Yuan Power and Mental Energy surged forward. Clearly, judging by Lin Dong’s current appearance, it seems like he was preparing to face a major adversary. 
Ling Qingzhu, who was standing beside him, was also glaring at the Seventh Seat King with her pretty eyes. Meanwhile, the longsword in her jade like hands was buzzing gently.
“I’d never expect that the Devil Prison would actually send such an important man like you for a small fry like me.” Lin Dong glared at the Seventh Seat King before he slowly said.
“Hehe, please don’t be modest. You’re not a small fry anymore. In fact, you’re one of the top ranked individuals on our Devil Prison’s hit list. Therefore, it’s only reasonable for someone like me to take action personally.” The Seventh Seat King replied with a laugh.
Lin Dong snorted, before he said, “However, when an important man like you makes a move, it’s surely going to cause a huge commotion. Aren’t you afraid that the awakened Lightning Master will come and look for you?”
Upon hearing this, the smile on the Seventh Seat King’s face froze for a moment. Promptly, he replied softly, “In the past, the Lightning Master was lying dormant in the Northern Xuan Region. Therefore, we rarely ventured here. However, now that he has awakened and left the Northern Xuan Region, if we finish you off quickly, I believe that he should be unable to detect it.”
“Is that so?!” The black light and lightning glow within Lin Dong’s eyes became increasingly resplendent. Meanwhile, mighty waves began to stealthily spread.
The Seventh Seat King chuckled and nodded. Then, he surveyed his surroundings before he said, “This isn’t the ideal place for a fight. Therefore, I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to go on a trip with me.”
Upon saying this, he waved his hand before the surrounding space began to distort. After which, five strange black figures suddenly appeared. However, after those black figures appeared, Lin Dong’s pupils shrunk immediately. This was because he realized that the five of them were all Yimo kings!
Evidently, Devil Prison had expended huge resources in order to deal with him!
After the five black figures appeared, a black light instantly shot out from within their palms. After which, the black lights criss-crossed in midair, before they formed a light formation and enveloped the Lin Dong duo.
“Qingzhu, retreat!”
When Lin Dong saw this situation, he was alarmed. Then, he immediately grabbed Ling Qingzhu and tried to retreat. However, just as they were about to escape from that light formation, their surroundings suddenly distorted violently.
“Teleport!”
Low roars emanated from the five black figures, before the space became extremely warped. Then, the light formation sparkled before the five black figures, the Seventh Seat King, and the Lin Dong duo, all vanished from this place. In fact, the remnant spatial fluctuations were the only indications that something had happened here previously.
Boom!
Right after they disappeared, startling fluctuations suddenly erupted from within the bamboo house, before black lights swept forward, instantly reducing the bamboo house into nothing. Then, a petite figure leapt out and stood in the sky. Meanwhile, her icy cold face was filled with rich killing desire, as she stared at the distorted space.
Swoosh! Swoosh!
Many rushing wind noises sounded in her surroundings. In merely a few breaths, thousands of figures had arrived in the vicinity of the bamboo forest. When they saw Qingtan, who was standing in midair with a cold expression, they quickly knelt down.
“All you useless beings! To think that so many Yimo were able to infiltrate our Darkness City undetected. Why am I keeping you all around for?!” Qingtan clenched her jade like hand, before her Darkness Saint Scythe appeared. Then, her eyes were filled with rage as she glared at the experts from Darkness Palace, who were gathered around her, before she roared.
When they detected Qingtan’s frightening killing intent, the experts from Darkness Palace were so startled that their faces turned pale. Immediately, they grovelled, “Palace master, please calm down!” 
“Palace master.”
Two black robed elders rushed over before they stopped a short distance away from Qingtan. When they saw the distorted space, they said, “ Palace master, the infiltrating Yimo are all extremely powerful and most ordinary experts are unable to detect them...”
Qingtan clenched her teeth, while rich killing intent surged within her icy cold eyes. Currently, she no longer looked like that lovable lass that was sleeping peacefully in Lin Dong’s embrace. Instead, she looked like the supreme queen of the Northern Xuan Region, who wielded the power of life and death in her hands.
Taking a deep breath, Qingtan stopped venting her anger at her subordinates. The infilitaring Yimo were indeed extremely powerful, and even she had merely noticed them a moment ago. Moreover, she knew that it was also oversight on her part. After all, when she was around Lin Dong, she would subconsciously let down her guard and stop being so cautious, which was something drilled into her over the years. However, she never expected that this had ended up harming Lin Dong instead.
“Palace master, these spatial fluctuations are very intense. However, I believe that this shouldn’t be a long distance teleportation. After all, Sir Lin Dong is no ordinary individual and a long distance spatial teleportation formation will definitely be broken by him. Therefore, I believe that the teleportation location should be around the outskirts of the Darkness City.” The two black robed elders were indeed extremely experienced, as they muttered their deductions after observing the spatial fluctuations.
An icy cold glint flashed across Qingtan’s eyes. Promptly, she clenched his small hands before she commanded in a deep voice, “Spread my orders. Send out the city’s enforcement troops and the Darkness Judgement Army. Search every nook and cranny within a thousand miles radius of Darkness City. Moreover, if anyone spots a terrifying fluctuation in any location, report it immediately!”
“Yes!”
Upon hearing this, the experts from Darkness Palace immediately replied. Then, they quickly turned around and began to spread her order. After all, as of now, they didn’t want to be near to Qingtan, who was currently outraged.
As she stared at the countless scattering figures, Qingtan clenched her small fists and gritted her teeth until they started to creak. Between her brows, an ancient symbol continuously flashed. Evidently, she was extremely furious about the fact that Lin Dong was abducted from right under her nose.
After Qingtan gave her order, the entire Darkness City immediately descended into chaos. 　　
......
This was a dense forest. A silver moon hung high in the sky as gentle moonlight shone down, draping the forest in a thin silver blanket.
Buzz.
The originally peaceful sky suddenly began to distort violently. After which, a black light appeared. After that black light scattered, several figures appeared in the sky.
“Hehe, this is a pretty decent place. I believe that the both of you should be satisfied if we pick this place as your burial grounds.” The Seventh Seat King chuckled while looking at the Lin Dong duo.
After all, the Darkness City was the territory of Darkness Palace. Moreover, Qingtan, the palace master of Darkness Palace, had both the Darkness Ancestral Symbol and the restored Darkness Saint Scythe. Therefore, if they were to act in the city, they were afraid that some unforeseen circumstances may occur. Hence, they decided to teleport the Lin Dong duo out of the Darkness City. By doing so, they would be able to ensure that their plan remains foolproof. 
Lin Dong stared emotionlessly at that frightening lineup. The Seventh Seat King, whose strength was equivalent to an expert who has passed two Reincarnation Tribulations, and five Yimo kings, who were equivalent to Reincarnation stage experts. When up against such a lineup, even the current him felt a rich sense of danger.
“When the fight begins, I will do my best to block and delay them. Look for an opportunity to leave and find Qingtan.” Lin Dong turned his head and whispered to Ling Qingzhu.
Ling Qingzhu glanced at him, before she shook her head and said, “Don’t spew such nonsense. The predicament that we are currently in, is something that even you cannot deal with. If I were to leave, it would be pointless even if I found Qingtan.”
When he saw that she had suddenly turned obstinate at this moment, Lin Dong couldn’t help but feel frustrated. However, Ling Qingzhu remained fearless, and her calm and collected gaze left him with no choice but to shake his head helplessly.
“It seems like there will be quite a commotion when we fight. I need to make some preparations first.” The Seventh Seat King laughed and looked at the Lin Dong duo. Then, he suddenly raised his arms.
Boom!
After he raised his arms, rich demonic aura flowed out from within the bodies of the five Yimo kings. Then, they transformed into a huge demonic aura light screen and enveloped the entire forest. By doing so, this prevented any fluctuations from being leaked out. Evidently, the Seventh Seat King was bent on killing Lin Dong today.
When the Seventh Seat King saw that the demonic aura light screen was formed, he finally chuckled before he gently nodded his head. Then, he lowered his head and looked at the Lin Dong duo, before he said, “Other than the Symbol Ancestor, you’re the first person I’ve met who can control more than one Ancestral Symbol. Therefore, although you’ve yet to advance to the Reincarnation stage, your position on our hit list is merely dwarfed by the eight Ancient Masters.”
“However.... After today, perhaps your name will be crossed off from my Devil Prison’s hit list.”
After he said those words, the smile on the Seventh Seat King’s face became even more insidious. Following which, vast amounts of vicious demonic aura, that could seemingly blanket the sky, gushed out from within his body. Immediately, the entire woods started to wither. In fact, even the natural Yuan Power started to cry out in anguish. 
“Swoosh!”
With a large smile on his face, the Seventh Seat King tapped the empty space with one finger. Immediately, a demonic aura light beam, that was so viscous that it was almost liquid like, shot out from his finger and streaked across the empty space, before it flew towards Lin Dong with lightning like speed.
When he saw the Seventh Seat King make his move, a rich killing intent gushed violently within Lin Dong’s eyes. Waving his sleeve, a black shadow shot out before it swung its black long blade, ferociously hacking against that demonic aura light beam in the process.
Clang!
Sparks flew in all directions while the surrounding space trembled. Meanwhile, the Sky Devouring Corpse, which was holding onto a black long blade, was pushed back by tens of feet. When he saw this sight, Lin Dong was stunned. After all, this was the first time he saw this Sky Devouring Corpse, which was strengthened by the Devouring Master, falling into a disadvantage. 
“Hehe, is that the Devouring Master’s Sky Devouring Corpse? It’s definitely stronger than before. However, it will not be able to save you guys today.”
The Seventh Seat King chuckled, before he slowly shut his eyes. Promptly, the demonic aura sea behind him began to churn violently, before a frightening pressure started to spread.
Evidently, the Seventh Seat King was about to execute his killing move. 





 Chapter 1239: Devil Emperor Armour
A terrifying demonic aura pressure spread far and wide, causing the entire place to darken completely.
This was the first time Lin Dong personally witnessed the frightening might of a member of the upper echelon of the Devil Prison. Moreover, this fluctuation was so powerful that it would even diminish one’s courage to oppose him. 
Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath of air with a solemn expression on his face. With his current fighting strength, he could obtain the upper hand when up against an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert by relying on his Yuan Power, which had touched Reincarnation, and his Mental Energy, which was currently at the Supreme Symbol Master level. In addition, if he relied on his two great Ancestral Symbols, he would even be able to fight on par with those peak experts who have passed one Reincarnation Tribulation. However, from a certain point of view, that was his limit.
Unfortunately, the Seventh Seat King standing in front of him, possessed terrifying strength that was equivalent to those who had passed two Reincarnation Tribulations.
It was not going to be easy to survive this crisis...
Lin Dong slowly clenched both of his hands tightly. Then, his pitch-black eyes stared at the Seventh Seat King, who now resembled a devil god thanks to the monstrous demonic sea behind him. Finally, a brutal glow gradually surged from deep within his eyes.
Lin Dong had experienced far too many life and death battles over the years. Therefore, he had already been honed to the point whereby he would not feel fear regardless of who his opponent was. Hence, even though his current opponent was extremely terrifying, if the latter thought that he could finish off Lin Dong easily, he would be too naive.
Rumble.
Thunder clouds gathered rapidly in the sky. Following which, rumbling thunder roars reverberated across the sky.
Lin Dong’s eyes gradually turned strange at this moment. One of his eyes looked as deep as a black hole, while the other was as bright as lightning. One was black while the other was silver. Meanwhile, amidst this peculiar sight, an extremely violent ripple spread.
“I see.”
With a faint smile, the Seventh Seat King looked at Lin Dong, who was currently in that peculiar state. However, his eyes were not smiling. Instead, there was only an endless chill present within them. In the next moment, he pressed his finger on the air.
Bang.
The mighty demonic sea behind him churned. Then, they turned into a hundred thousand feet large nine-headed devil python. Following which, that python roared towards the sky, before it spurted a vast amount of demonic aura, blotting out the sun in the process.
That nine-headed python had already rushed forward while the demonic aura surged. Under its assault, the space itself began to collapse an inch at a time.
“Rumble rumble!”
The thunder clouds in the sky churned violently. Soon after, a frightening lightning waterfall, that looked like a silver river, came pouring down with a terrifying momentum. Then, it ruthlessly struck onto the body of that nine-headed devil python.
Lightning glow was wildly cracking over the body of that nine-headed devil python. Although the demonic aura would vanish wherever the lightning passed, even more frightening demonic aura would quickly appear. Finally, that lightning waterfall, which contained the strength of the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, was completely eroded.
That nine-headed devil python, which had a large mouth filled with endless demonic aura, had already penetrated through space at this moment. Finally, it flew towards the area where Lin Dong was located and tried to bite him. Immediately, the space itself collapsed.
Lin Dong looked at that nine-headed devil python, which was attempting to bite him, before lightning glow erupted within his eyes. Lifting his palm high up, a ten thousand feet large thunderbolt promptly descended before it transformed into a ten thousand feet large lightning spear.
Lin Dong gripped that lightning spear, before he emitted a low roar from his throat. A moment later, his body shot forward like lightning and directly charged towards the ferocious large mouth of that nine-headed devil python.
Bright lightning glow suddenly erupted from within the large mouth of that nine-headed devil python, before it roared towards the sky. However, that lightning glow was just like tens of thousands of lightning swords, as it ravaged the interior of its massive body before it shot out from within. 
Bang!
That nine-headed devil python exploded with a loud ‘bang’. Following which, demonic aura sputtered out in all directions. Then, a lightning light shot out, before Lin Dong, who was currently wrapped by lightning glow, landed on the ground just like the god of lightning.
“Devour!”
After Lin Dong destroyed that nine-headed devil python, he suddenly swiped his hand at that distant Seventh Seat King. Meanwhile, black lights were glimmering on his fingertips. After which, the space around the latter crumbled, before four enormous black hole swirls appeared, forming a prison which trapped him within. Finally, Devouring Power surged before the resulting tearing force attempted to rip the Seventh Seat King apart.
“Haha.”
However, up against Lin Dong’s attack, that Seventh Seat King merely laughed out loud. Moreover, his laughter was filled with ridicule. After which, monstrous demonic aura shot out from within his body like assault waves.
Bang bang bang!
The tearing force from those four black hole swirls had only just formed, before they were forcefully destroyed by the demonic aura assault waves. Clearly, the Seventh Seat King was much stronger than Lin Dong.  
“Great Heaven Devil Hand!”
The Seventh Seat King clenched his hand violently, before the entire place darkened. Then, a devil hand, which seemed to have came from another dimension, slowly appeared, blotting out the sun in the process. Meanwhile, there was actually a huge black eye on that devil hand. When that eye blinked, an annihilation force shot out.
Swoosh!
A devil light containing an annihilation force suddenly shot out from within that devil hand. It immediately enveloped Lin Dong in the blink of an eye.
As that devil light flew over, Lin Dong clenched his hand. Then, a ten thousand feet large black hole swirl appeared in front of him. After which, it rotated wildly, appearing like a huge mouth, before it forcefully took on that devil light.
Bang bang bang!
Earth shaking explosion noises erupted from within that black hole swirl. Soon after, that black hole became extremely distorted, before it finally exploded with a loud ‘bang’.
Lin Dong was immediately sent flying by over ten thousand feet due to that frightening assault wave. Promptly, he felt a sweet sensation rush up his throat, before traces of blood appeared on the corner of his lips. That attack from the Seventh Seat King was simply too terrifying. Even though he tried to used his Devouring Power to counteract against it, he was still unable to completely block it.
“You are indeed someone who is worthy of possessessing two great Ancestral Symbols. Even top experts, who have passed one Reincarnation Tribulation, are unable to block my attacks. Yet, you were actually able to handle them.” The Seventh Seat King looked at Lin Dong before he smilingly said.
Lin Dong’s eyes were icy cold. However, he did not waste his breath on unnecessary words. Suddenly, his hand seals changed, before he pressed his hand downwards and shouted, “Great Desolation Scripture!”
A unique ripple charged into the ground. Subsequently, the entire mountain forest quickly turned barren at a frightening rate. Following which, vast and endless amounts of energy coursed rapidly beneath the ground, before they finally converged towards the spot where Lin Dong was located.
Bang!
A tens of thousands of feet large energy light pillar broke through the ground at this moment. Finally, it poured into that skinny figure, who was standing in the sky.
After that frightening amount of energy poured in, it caused Lin Dong’s body to swell by a notch. After which, he suddenly roared towards the sky. Meanwhile, there was an ancient dragon roar mixed within his roar.
Roar!
Purple-gold light spluttered forward at this moment. Following which, a total of eight thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos surged around Lin Dong’s body. As those dragon light tattoos danced, the ground beneath collapsed due to the pressure.
Purple-gold light was flowing across the surface of Lin Dong’s body. Then, he stared viciously at the Seventh Seat King, who was standing in the sky. After which, his body shot forward before he directly approached the Seventh Seat King and threw a punch. Immediately, eight thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos danced. Moreover, wherever his fist passed by, the surrounding space would shatter.
“Bang!”
Up against Lin Dong’s fearsome attack, the Seventh Seat King did not pull back. Instead, viscous demonic aura began to circle around his hand. After which, he threw a punch and clashed head-on with Lin Dong.
Both their fists clashed, before the empty space within tens of thousands of feet cracked an inch at a time.
Bang bang bang!
Both their bodies trembled. Meanwhile, there was a brutal glow glimmering within both their eyes. After which, various punches whizzed forward and actually clashed in all directions. 
The dragon light tattoos and demonic aura surged wildly.
Rumble!
The sound of space shattering reverberated continuously across the sky. Wild gales surged and a hurricane swirled. It turns out that their frightening clash had flattened the entire mountain forest.
Boom!
This was another fearsome clash that could not be described adequately with words. As of now, Lin Dong’s fists were covered with fresh blood and even his flesh was ripped off, exposing the jade like bones beneath them. Fortunately, he possessed the Primal Dragon Bone. Otherwise, it was likely that his bones would have been turned into dust after that clash.
Nonetheless, the blood within his body was raging violently. Though he looked confident in that head-on clash, he had sustained severe injuries.
Lin Dong flew backwards, while he continued to stare intently at the Seventh Seat King. At this moment, black blood was also dripping off the latter’s hands. Together with the smile on his face, he looked somewhat gloomy. It was likely that he had never expected that he would actually be injured in the process of dealing with someone like Lin Dong. Nevertheless, these injuries were hardly noteworthy to him.
“What an extraordinary fellow. However, this will only increase my desire to kill you personally!”
A smile once again appeared on the Seventh Seat King’s gloomy face. Soon after, he opened his mouth. Immediately, he directly swallowed the viscous demonic sea behind him. 
Buzz buzz.
His body began to tremble violently at this moment, while viscous black objects seeped out from within his body. Finally, they slowly wrapped around his body and formed an extremely fearsome bloody black devil Armour.
That devil Armour covered every inch of his body. Meanwhile, there were sharp metallic lines extended on that Armour and every single one of them gave off a terrifying brutal sensation. When that devil Armour appeared, a terrifying ripple, which could not be described with words, slowly emerged. In fact, it felt as though an alien object which could annihilate the world, had descended into this world. 
When Lin Dong saw this scene, his pupils promptly shrunk slightly.
“Lin Dong, do you know what this is?” The Seventh Seat King smiled towards Lin Dong. However, his smile was filled with murderous intent.
Lin Dong’s body tensed up. Meanwhile, he was trying his best to circulate the strength within his body. However, he did not reply.
“This is the Devil Emperor Armour. This was personally given to us by our emperor. Typically, we will only use this when we fight against the eight Ancient Masters. However, today, I used it because of you. Therefore…”
The smile on the Seventh Seat King’s face became increasingly brutal.
“Therefore… there is nothing to regret even if you die by my hands today!”
Lin Dong slowly clenched his fists, which were currently drenched with blood. His heart, which was originally pounding violently, gradually calmed down. The fight today had given him a taste of death. However, regardless of who the other party was, one would have to pay a massive price in order to kill him!
Lin Dong suddenly widened his eyes, before a wild and brutal aura slowly surged forward!





 Chapter 1240: An All-Out Fight
Demonic aura surged while the Seventh Seat King stood in the sky. Meanwhile, there was an icy cold metallic glow on his fearsome Devil Emperor Armour. At the same time, a rich and brutal bloodthirsty sensation slowly spread from his body.
His frightening pressure caused one’s heart to pound even faster. 
Eight thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos were currently circling around Lin Dong’s body, while ancient dragon roars sounded. Meanwhile, among his two eyes, one of them was black, while the other was silver. It was an exceptionally strange sight.
“Bang!”
Lin Dong’s body once again rushed forward at this moment. Waving both his hands, they directly transformed into an enormous purple-gold dragon claw, before he ruthlessly swiped at the Seventh Seat King.
However, when the Seventh Seat King saw Lin Dong’s fearsome attack, a derisive glint flashed across his eyes. Then, he did not move at all, as he allowed that dragon claw attack, which could easily flatten a mountain range, to land on his body.
Clang clang!
A clear metallic sound appeared. However, the Seventh Seat King did not budge at all. In fact, there wasn’t even a single scar on his Devil Emperor Armour. After which, he smiled faintly as he looked at Lin Dong, before the derision in his eyes became increasingly intense. Finally, he extended his finger, which was also clad in black armour, before he pressed on the empty space.
Swoosh.
A demonic light shot directly from his finger. After which, it flew towards that dragon claw, which was agglomerated from eight thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos, before it tore that claw apart. 
“If that’s all you’ve got…” The Seventh Seat King smiled. However, he quickly saw a figure being reflected within his eyes. Moreover, one of his arms was currently in liquid form, and there was lightning glow cracking and black light gathering within that liquidized arm. In fact, it was even vaguely possible to see two ancient symbols floating within.
“You are actually able to control the Ancestral Symbol’s strength to such an extent…” A faint tinge of shock finally flashed across the Seventh Seat King’s eyes. Immediately, he quickly clenched his fist before he threw a punch forward. He did not use any fancy moves. Instead, he only used a massive amount of force, that could seemingly annihilate anything. 
Boom!
That liquidized punch collided head on with the devil fist, which was covered by the Devil Emperor Armour. Instantly, the surrounding space seemingly caved in. Following which, demonic aura spluttered before Lin Dong was once again forcefully pushed back.
Swoosh.
However, Lin Dong suddenly swung his sleeve just as he was being pushed back. Then, a light shot out before it instantly expanded with the wind and turned into a huge stone tablet. Meanwhile, there were ancient ripples being emitted from that stone tablet.
“Great Desolate Tablet?” The Seventh Seat King was startled when he saw that stone tablet. Soon after, he shook his head and said, “I never expected such a divine object to be in your possession as well. Unfortunately, it seems like the Great Desolate Tablet has yet to recover its full strength. Otherwise, I might be in a little trouble today.”
Buzz.
While he spoke, the Great Desolate Tablet brought along monstrous lights, before it ruthlessly smashed towards the Seventh Seat King. Meanwhile, there was a huge ancient light formation hovering below the tablet.
However, Lin Dong did not stop after he unleashed the Great Desolate Tablet. He flicked his finger before a seven coloured rainbow appeared. Then, the Mysterious Divine Palace showed up as well. That palace shook before a torrent of divine objects whizzed forward and gushed towards the Seventh Seat King.
“Mysterious Divine Palace…”
When the Seventh Seat King saw the Mysterious Divine Palace, he laughed once again. He had never expected that Lin Dong was actually in possession of two of the top ten divine objects on the Ancient Divine Object Ranking.
“You indeed possess countless techniques. However, they are all useless.”
The Seventh Seat King smiled, before an icy cold colour suddenly appeared in his eyes. After which, he lifted his arm before he directly blocked the Great Desolate Tablet, that was smashing towards him. Then, he lifted his foot before he kicked the torrent of divine objects that was rushing towards him. Immediately, countless divine objects were shattered into dust due to his overwhelming force.
Bang bang!
The Seventh Seat King laughed out loud towards the sky. Then, fist shadows whizzed forward, before heavy punches rained down on the Great Desolate Tablet, forcing it to retreat continuously. Meanwhile, the torrent of divine objects from the Mysterious Divine Palace was also completely blocked by him.
Clad in the Devil Emperor Armour, the Seventh Seat King was so incredibly powerful that it nearly defied logic.
Lin Dong looked at the Seventh Seat King, who managed to block the attacks from the Great Desolate Tablet and the Mysterious Divine Palace, before his eyes became increasingly grave. Soon after, he inhaled a deep breath of air, before he slowly shut both of his eyes. However, soon after, a glowing line emerged between his brows, before it slowly split apart.
After that glowing line split apart, an incredibly mysterious eye appeared between Lin Dong’s brows. It was actually the Eye of the Ancestral Symbol.
The Seventh Seat King’s pupils became focused after he saw the Eye of the Ancestral Symbol. Immediately, he exclaimed,  “Eye of the Ancestral Symbol?”
The aura around Lin Dong’s body was quickly withdrawn. Promptly, the Ancestral Symbol eye between his brows became increasingly resplendent. In the next instant, he suddenly opened both of his tightly shut eyes.
Swoosh!
The glow from within the Ancestral Symbol eye became extremely intense after Lin Dong opened his eyes. Subsequently, a ray of light filled with black light and lightning glow suddenly shot forward.
That ray of light was extremely mysterious and it was seemingly covered with countless tiny ancient symbols. Meanwhile, there was an extremely frightening fluctuation being emitted from that seemingly feeble looking light.
That ray of light penetrated the empty space instantly. In the blink of an eye, it had reached the Seventh Seat King. Subsequently, it ruthlessly shot onto his chest.
Bang!
A dazzling bright light spread along with an energy assault wave. However, soon after, that light gradually died down. After which, one saw that the Seventh Seat King was still standing tall in the sky. Nonetheless, a crack had appeared on the chest plate of his Devil Emperor Armour.
When Lin Dong saw this scene, his expression changed involuntarily. After all, he had never expected that even after he activated the Eye of the Ancestral Symbol, he was only able to leave a crack on the Devil Emperor Armour. Just how frightening was this item?
The Seventh Seat King lowered his head to look at the crack on his chest. Then, the expression in his eyes became extremely gloomy. Clearly, he was extremely furious with the fact that Lin Dong had damaged his Devil Emperor Armour. After all, this item was bestowed to him by his emperor, and any damage on it was a source of humiliation to them.
“You should have had your fun?”
The smile on the Seventh Seat King’s face completely vanished. Promptly, he took a step forward before his body immediately appeared in front of Lin Dong, as though he had teleported. Finally, he flipped his hand before he furiously struck towards Lin Dong.
Roar!
Eight thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos soared before they transformed into a massive purple-gold dragon and collided with the Seventh Seat King. However, at the moment of impact, the purple-gold light was shattered and the massive purple-gold dragon was forcefully ripped apart.
Lin Dong took this opportunity to retreat. However, that incoming erosive powerful assault wave still caused him to emit a muffled sound from his throat. Clad in the Devil Emperor Armour, the Seventh Seat King was simply too powerful. 
After he pushed Lin Dong back with a single palm attack, murderous aura erupted within the eyes of the Seventh Seat King. Clearly, he did not want to prolong the fight. His body moved before he once again caught up. Then, he swung his devil fist before monstrous demonic aura surged.
Bang bang bang!
The two people in the sky once again clashed violently. However, it was clear that Lin Dong had currently fell into a disadvantage. After all, the Devil Emperor Armour clad by the Seventh Seat King was extremely powerful. In fact, even though he used the strength of the Ancestral Symbols previously, he could not deal much damage to the latter. On the other hand, he had to be extremely cautious when dealing with the latter’s attacks. In fact, if it was not because he had the Primal Dragon Bone, it was likely that he would have been seriously wounded.
Despite so, he was still in a pretty bad state. 
Bang!
Another violent clash occurred. Lin Dong felt a sweet sensation rush up his throat before a mouthful of blood gushed into his mouth. Then, he forcefully spat them out. Meanwhile, his eyes became increasingly brutal.
“There are so many treasures on your body. If your physical body is enhanced a little further, it might be comparable to the Chaos Master’s. Unfortunately, I am not interested in keeping an enemy with such potential.” The Seventh Seat King looked at Lin Dong, who had remained standing despite his ferocious attacks. Then, the former involuntarily shook his head before he remarked.
The murderous desire in his eyes grew richer after he spoke. However, just as he was about to attack, a sharp sword glow suddenly erupted from behind him. Although it was quite powerful, it was hardly able to hurt him. Hence, he merely smiled indifferently. Then, he clenched his hand before he forcefully shattered that sword glow.
“With such puny strength…”
He laughed and ridiculed. However, before he could finish laughing, an alluring figure suddenly appeared in front of him. Then, a sharp longsword swiftly pierced towards him, just like a poisonous snake that had left its hole.
“You truly don’t know your own limits.”
That longsword was covered by a mysterious layer of light. The Seventh Seat King’s pupils shrunk right after he spoke. He was just about to pull back, when he realized that the longsword had suddenly sped up. Then, it pierced through the crack on his Devil Emperor Armour with lightning like speed.
Creak!
The Devil Emperor Armour, which could withstand an all-out attack from an expert who had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation, was now penetrated half an inch by that longsword. Promptly, black blood dripped from the tip of that longsword.
“You!”
The great pain radiating from his chest instantly caused the Seventh Seat King’s expression to change drastically. He immediately threw a punch before Ling Qingzhu’s delicate figure flew backwards. Then, she spat out a mouthful of blood from under her veil, before her veil subsequently flew off.
With a fearsome glint in his eyes, the Seventh Seat King stared at Ling Qingzhu, who was sent flying by him. Promptly, killing desire gushed into his eyes. He clenched his fist, before viscous demonic aura erupted from his clenched fist like floodwaters. Finally, they streaked across the sky and ruthlessly smashed towards Ling Qingzhu.
When Ling Qingzhu saw the attack from the Seventh Seat King, she gently bit her teeth. Tightening the grip over her longsword, she steeled herself to forcefully counter that attack.
However, before she could make a move, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her in a phantom like fashion. Subsequently, a low roar sounded before purple-gold dragon light tattoos raced across the sky. Then, a fist forcefully smashed against the demonic aura torrent.
Bang!
The space crumbled. Lin Dong’s body seemed to have suffered a heavy blow as he spurted a mouthful of blood. Meanwhile, his arm was slightly twisted and the terrible pain radiating from it, caused cold sweat to drip off his forehead instantly. 
“Lin Dong.” Ling Qingzhu was startled when she saw what Lin Dong did.
“Haha, what a touching scene. Since you wish to protect her, I shall kill her right in front of you!” When the Seventh Seat King saw this scene, the smile on his lips became even more brutal. Then, his body flashed before he vanished in a peculiar fashion. 
“Watch out!”
The instant the Seventh Seat King disappeared, Lin Dong’s expression changed drastically. Then, he hurriedly grabbed Ling Qingzhu. However, right after Lin Dong took her into his embrace, the Seventh Seat King had already appeared behind her. Then, an insidious laughter sounded before a palm attack filled with monstrous demonic aura mercilessly landed on Lin Dong’s back.
Blargh.
Lin Dong sputtered out another mouthful of blood. With Ling Qingzhu in his arms, his body swiftly fell from the sky. After which, the both of them landed heavily in the mountain forest.
“Haha.”
The Seventh Seat King was laughing heartily. Meanwhile, he was completely merciless when he attacked. Then, he beckoned with his hand before numerous demonic aura torrents were formed. Finally, they streaked across the sky with lightning like speed before they smashed downwards in a ruthless fashion.
In the mountain woods, Lin Dong was carrying Ling Qingzhu while he dodged miserably. Nonetheless, he was still hurt by some aftershocks. Moreover, each time he was hit, he would use his back to forcefully block that attack, ensuring that Ling Qingzhu, who was in his arms, did not suffer any injuries.
Bang bang!
That horrifying barrage of attacks caused the land beneath to crack. Lin Dong rolled aside. Currently, the flesh on his back was a complete mess. However, he forcefully endured the pain. Meanwhile, his body was trembling violently while the blood on the corner of his lips became denser.
“That darned bastard.” Lin Dong inhaled a cold breath of air before he forcefully suppressed the giddy sensation within his mind. Meanwhile, he cursed out loud.
Ling Qingzhu looked at his face, which was in close proximity, before she clenched her teeth. The blood on his face made him look a little miserable. However, when she saw his current appearance, she involuntarily bit her lips. Meanwhile, her typically cold and collected eyes also became extremely gentle and even somewhat chaotic.
“Why are you risking your life?”
Ling Qingzhu looked at the exceptionally miserable Lin Dong, who still caused her heart to flutter, before she bit her red lips and muttered.
“If I can’t even protect a woman, how can I call myself a man?” Lin Dong parted his lips and smiled, while his ragged breaths were blown onto Ling Qingzhu’s delicate face. Meanwhile, despite his formidable physical body, the intense pain radiating from within his body still caused cold sweat to continuously drip from his forehead.
He had suffered serious injuries this time around.
“You fool.”
Ling Qingzhu was a little absent-minded as she stared at Lin Dong. Soon after, some tears appeared in her eyes. Using her delicate hands to gently stroke his face, she ignored all the filth before she used her jade like hands to gently wipe off the blood on the corner of his lips. Subsequently, she gently clenched her teeth, before a bewitching smile suddenly appeared on her gorgeous face, causing flowers to pale in comparison.
“All of a sudden, I really want to teach you the Zenith Sensing Art. What should I do?”





 Chapter 1241: Cultivation Method
When Lin Dong heard Ling Qingzhu’s sudden words, he was startled. Promptly, he laughed bitterly and said, “Now is not the ideal time to learn the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’.”
Ling Qingzhu clenched her teeth and asked, “Can you use some techniques to stop him for a while?” 
Lin Dong thought for a moment and said, “Though he is extremely powerful, it shouldn’t be impossible for me to stop him for a while.”
After he spoke, Lin Dong clenched his hand. Then, a light formation quickly emerged on his palm. After which, it expanded with the wind and transformed into a giant light array, enveloping the entire mountain forest in the process.
Swoosh.
After the Ancient Universe Formation was formed, Lin Dong tossed the Great Desolate Tablet and the Mysterious Divine Palace towards that formation and strengthened it. With their help, it was possible to completely stabilize that formation. Therefore, no matter how powerful the Seventh Seat King was, it was likely that he would need to spend some time in order to break that formation. 
However, the meridians within Lin Dong’s body twitched after he setup that defensive formation. Immediately, there was more cold sweat on his forehead. Evidently, he was seriously injured and he even felt giddy in his mind. However, he forcefully suppressed it. After all, if he was to lose consciousness now, there was likely no way he could escape death.
“The Ancient Universe Formation should be able to stop him for a while. However, it can merely delay him.” Lin Dong panted as he looked at the Ancient Universe Formation that enveloped the entire mountain forest. Currently, there was an extremely powerful energy surging on the formation, isolating that place from the outside world.
“Don’t worry, it’s not so easy to kill me. If I am pushed to my limits, I will just make the Ancient Universe Formation self-destruct. At that time, that fellow will also end up suffering.” Lin Dong gritted his teeth and said. Although he would have to pay a high price to do so, he could not be bothered about it at this moment.
Ling Qingzhu shook her head. Then, she glanced at Lin Dong before her pretty face reddened, “Can you release me first?”
Only now, did Lin Dong realize that the both of them were lying in a far too intimate position. In fact, his entire body was lying above Ling Qingzhu’s delicate figure. Although the soft sensation that he felt could lead one’s thoughts astray, now was not an appropriate moment. Therefore, he forcefully smiled and was just about to stand up, when the injuries on his body were once again triggered by his movements. Immediately, his body weakened before he crumbled on top of Ling Qingzhu again.
Ling Qingzhu gasped softly after her body was pressed down by him. She tilted her head and saw Lin Dong clenching his teeth bitterly. Meanwhile, there was a pained expression on his face. 
When she saw the miserable expression on Lin Dong’s face, a gentle emotion gradually surged into Ling Qingzhu’s eyes. She hesitated for a moment, before she used her hands to gently wipe off the perspiration on his forehead.
“We must leave here first. I will make the Ancient Universe Formation self-destruct later on. Carry me and go. The Sky Devouring Corpse will help us to stop him.” Lin Dong approached Ling Qingzhu’s delicate ear, before he gritted his teeth and said. As he spoke, he could sense weariness setting in rapidly. 
He was going to suffer huge losses this time around. Not only was he going to lose the Ancient Universe Formation, but it was also highly likely that he would lose the Sky Devouring Corpse. Other than the incident back at the Unique Devil City, this was the only other time he suffered such a huge loss.
However, Ling Qingzhu gently shook her head after she heard his words. Then, she suddenly extended her small hand. Meanwhile, there was a dark red pill on her palm.
“You… eat it.” Ling Qingzhu placed that pill into Lin Dong’s mouth before she softly said.
“Healing medicine?” Lin Dong was startled. Without hesitation, he swallowed that pill. Soon after, he felt that something was amiss. In fact, a strange fiery hot sensation surged the moment that pill entered his body. Furthermore, the giddy sensation within his mind intensified. In fact, he felt so giddy that his eyelids began to droop.
“You… what did you feed me?” Lin Dong muttered in a blurry state.
“It’s nothing. Everything will be fine once you wake up.” Ling Qingzhu used her delicate hands to stroke Lin Dong’s face, before she softly bit her red lips and said.
In his heart, Lin Dong vaguely felt that something was amiss. However, he was currently seriously injured. Therefore, as that feeble and fatigue sensation surged, it prevented him from awakening. Finally, his eyelids collapsed before his vision turned pitch-black.
Ling Qingzhu looked at Lin Dong, who had fallen into a slumber. Meanwhile, her gorgeous face was completely fiery red. Then, she gently bit her silver teeth before she muttered softly, “The Zenith Sensing Art is a secret of our Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace that has never been passed to an outsider. Technically speaking, there is no training manual for it. It is just a profound and mysterious sensation. Moreover, its powerful strength originates from the sensing location.”
“Furthermore… in order for you to sense that mysterious existence, other than inheriting it at birth, the only other way … is to do it through pair cultivation where both parties can sense it together.”
If Lin Dong was still awake at this moment, he would be bewildered by her words. After all, he never expected that such a method was required to learn the “Zenith Sensing Art”. It’s no wonder Ling Qingzhu was outraged when Lin Dong first mentioned this to her. It’s actually because… 
Ling Qingzhu gently supported his body. After which, she bit her lips before she said, “The person hiding within his body, come out now.”
A light began to glimmer on the surface of Lin Dong’s body. After which, Yan drifted out. When he saw the boiling red expression on Ling Qingzhu’s face, he involuntarily laughed dryly. However, there was an odd emotion within his eyes.
“What you have given him… to eat…” Yan looked at Ling Qingzhu and laughed dryly, “Is it an aphrodisiac?”
“This is the only way for him to learn the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’.” Ling Qingzhu lowered her eyes. Her face was as red as blood as she spoke.
Yan was a little speechless at this moment. He finally understood that Ling Qingzhu had likely thought of this scene when Lin Dong first mentioned that he wanted to learn the “Zenith Sensing Art”. It was also most likely why she asked Lin Dong to never mention this matter again. Clearly, she was struggling with it in her heart.
Although she had a cold personality and appeared to be indifferent to everything, there was no way she could treat this matter in the same way. This was especially since the other party was Lin Dong. Therefore, she merely followed quietly beside him during this journey. Clearly, she was using this method to overcome certain obstacles in her heart and make up her mind.
However, at the final moment, she still lacked the courage. Therefore, she decided to use this method, which left one neither able to laugh nor cry. After all, regardless of how cold a lady was, she would still be as timid and embarrassed as an ordinary girl when dealing with such matters. 
Yan sighed. Since Lin Dong was able to get this cool, haughty and intelligent girl to use such a stupid method, he could be considered as fairly “capable”.
“Can I trouble you with something?” Ling Qingzhu suddenly lifted her head, before she looked at Yan and asked.
“What is it?”
“Do not tell him about this.” Ling Qingzhu carefully rubbed off the blood on the corner of Lin Dong’s lips, before she softly said.
“Why?” Yan was startled. Clearly, he did not understand her thoughts. A girl like Ling Qingzhu obviously viewed such matters with great importance. In fact, she typically wore a veil to conceal her appearance and it was difficult for an ordinary man to see her actual face. Moreover, her body was still pure and had only been touched once by Lin Dong in a complete accident. Therefore, it must have been difficult for her to make such a sacrifice. 
“I do not want him to feel only guilt when he thinks of me.” Ling Qingzhu shook her head and said.
Yan smiled bitterly and nodded. It seems like Ling Qingzhu clearly understood why Lin Dong wanted to learn the “Zenith Sensing Art”. Given his character, if he knew how much Ling Qingzhu had to sacrifice in order for him to do so, it was likely that he would feel extremely guilty towards her. This was something that the haughty Ling Qingzhu did not want to see.
“I will try my best to keep this secret.”
“Thank you.” Ling Qingzhu smiled sweetly. The demeanor she displayed at this moment caused Yan to be startled. He quickly sighed before he drifted far away. Relationships between men and women were indeed troubling matters.
When she saw that Yan had disappeared into the distance, Ling Qingzhu finally used her icy cool hands to touch her own face. Then, she turned to look at Lin Dong. After which, she waved her hand before a glow shot out from her sleeve. Soon after, it transformed into a sparkling bamboo house. This was clearly a Soul Treasure. However, other than hiding from the rain, it was of little use.
Ling Qingzhu gently carried Lin Dong as she walked into that bamboo house. Then, she carefully placed him on the bed.
Ling Qingzhu sat by the edge of the bed, before she stared at that familiar looking face. When she first met him many years ago, his face was still a little tender and immature looking.
At that time, she had never imagined that she would end up doing something like this one day. If she knew, it was likely that she would have directly killed him on that mountain top with her sword. After which, she would no longer have anything to worry about.
She looked at Lin Dong. A long while later, her gorgeous face became fiery red. Finally, she gently bit her lips before she slowly stood up. Her hands were trembling as she gently undid her waist wrap.
Her snow white dress fell. After which, a perfect and flawless naked body was exposed within this bamboo house. Meanwhile, her body was trembling gently and she looked so beautiful that it could mesmerize one’s soul. 
“You did this to me back then. Now… now, you deserve this.”
She glanced at the man on the bed. Currently, even though he had fainted, his body was still emitting great heat. As she recalled what happened in the past, as well as his blood covered miserable face when he tried to protect her, she involuntarily laughed softly. Then, tears gathered in her eyes before they rolled down her face.
Finally, she waved her hand, before the bamboo house darkened completely. However, there was the scent of lust blooming within the darkness.
At this moment, lust caused one to lose track of time.





 Chapter 1242: Detect
The Seventh Seat King stood in the sky pervaded by Demonic Qi. His expression was dark as he looked at the incomparably large ancient formation below and a cold glint flashed in his eyes.
“Ancient Universe Formation… this little fellow is really very surprising.”
He stared at the familiar ancient formation and laughed coldly. The strength of this formation was something he had personally tasted during those ancient times. However, the formation was in the hands of the Symbol Ancestor back then and countless Yimo had been killed by it.
“Five kings, listen up, erode this formation.”
The Seventh Seat King waved his hand and sneered. Although this Ancient Universe Formation was well known, it was clear that Lin Dong had yet to obtain its true essence. Additionally, the latter was far weaker than the Symbol Ancestor. Hence, what was there for him to fear?
“Understood!”
The five Yimo kings maintaining the Demonic Qi light barrier in the sky immediately cried out in unison. After which, Demonic Qi seemed to cover the sky and land as it surged from the Demonic Qi light barrier and landed on the Ancient Universe Formation. Demonic Qi rippled. Although it was was constantly purified by the power of the Ancient Universe Formation, even more Demonic Qi surged over, unceasingly exhausting the power of the Ancient Universe Formation.
The Seventh Seat King sat down in the sky as a cold look was revealed in his eyes. Lin Dong’s performance was extraordinary, causing the murderous intent within his heart to grow. He could already sense just how troublesome Lin Dong was after exchanging blows today. If the latter was allowed to continue growing, it was likely that he would be just as difficult to deal with as the eight Ancient Masters.
It was best to finish off such a potential enemy as soon as possible.
With these thoughts in mind, the Seventh Seat King’s eyes became even more sinister as he looked at the Ancient Universe Formation .
“Let me see just how long this Ancient Universe Formation of yours can last.”
　　……
Lin Dong’s consciousness seemed to be drifting endlessly within the haziness. His consciousness was extremely blurry. However, he could occasionally feel an indescribable softness.
His consciousness was as weak as a baby’s. While he drifted within the haziness, it vaguely felt as though there was a gentle consciousness coiling around him and protecting him. This feeling was extremely pleasant.
Due to this pleasant, his consciousness also began to approach and entangle with it. Passionate heat rushed past and his body seemed to move. It was possible for him to vaguely hear a soft moan from a lady as she bit her red lips.
Lin Dong’s consciousness continued to drift. Suddenly, a hazy light appeared in the distance. This light seemed to be the light of primal chaos, something that was born when the world began.
His consciousness paused and no longer advanced when it was still some distance from the primal chaos. The light caused his consciousness to feel waves of piercing pain and he did not dare to approach.
The gentle consciousness gently wrapped around him while he helplessly paced back and forth. It was just like a hand that slowly pulled him as they approached the primal chaos.
However, this light clearly possessed damaging properties towards the gentle consciousness. Yet, she continued to tightly wrap around his consciousness as it rippled, preventing him from being hurt by the piercing pain.
However, Lin Dong’s blurry consciousness could still sense the pain that she endured. Soon after, an indescribable emotion surged. His consciousness suddenly swelled and ended up wrapping around that gentle consciousness.
A lady appeared to release a faint cry as his consciousness violently entered her body. After which, the two consciousness charged into the primal chaos.
An indescribably unique feeling was quietly being born. That feeling was as though they were above a certain world… 
Time slowly flowed by. A feeling of extreme freeness surged out from his consciousness like floodwaters. Finally, the blurry consciousness slowly began to awaken.
　　……
A lush green mountain forest appeared within Lin Dong’s sights when he opened his eyes again. He lay on the ground and lifted his head slightly, only to see violent fluctuations on the large formation.
There was still a faint feeling of dizziness in his head. Lin Dong swung his head from side to side and tossed this feeling aside. After which, he sat up. His pitch-black eyes was still a little dazed.
“You’ve awoken?”
A gentle voice was transmitted from in front of Lin Dong. He lifted his head and saw Ling Qingzhu standing nearby. A pair of clear eyes were quietly looking at him. Her face was still covered by a viel, while her lovely and well proportioned figure revealed a seemingly perfect outline under her white dress.
Her originally tied up black hair was currently scattered and landed behind her perky bottom like a waterfall. She seemed to emit a languid aura for some unknown reason. This aura caused Lin Dong’s recently awoken heart to pound.
“You’ve changed?” Lin Dong involuntarily asked when he looked at Ling Qingzhu.
“What change?” Ling Qingzhu walked over and squatted in front of Lin Dong. Her usually cool and clear eyes contained a faint smile.
“You have become even more beautiful.” Lin Dong smilingly said. He felt a little surprise when he looked at Ling Qingzhu. The latter seldom took the initiative to do something so intimate even if the other party was him.
Lin Dong’s words were right. He did not know why but the current Ling Qingzhu had a soul-stirring beauty. It was not merely external beauty. Instead, it was a beauty that arose from her demeanor.
Ling Qingzhu merely smiled faintly in response to his flattery and softly said, “Stop looking. The Ancient Universe Formation is about to reach its limit. You should think of a way to escape this predicament.”
Lin Dong suddenly recovered after hearing these words. He raised his head to look at the violently shaking Ancient Universe Formation and hastily got to his feet. However, he quickly felt that something was amiss.
“My injuries?”
Lin Dong’s face was filled with surprise. He discovered that the injuries which had appeared in his body after exchanging blows with the Seventh Seat King, had made a full recovery. Even the Yuan Power that had been exhausted earlier had completely recovered.
“Is this because of the medicinal pill you gave me?” Lin Dong looked at Ling Qingzhu. He still vaguely recalled Ling Qingzhu giving him something to eat just before he became unconscious.
Ling Qingzhu shifted her eyes aside and said, “I have already taught you the Zenith Sensing Art.”
“Ah?” Lin Dong was once again startled. When did this happen?
“Calm your heart and you will naturally be able to feel it. However, this is all I can do for you. The level you reach in this ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ will be entirely dependant on yourself.” Ling Qingzhu stood up and said.
Lin Dong frowned. He also stood up and looked at Ling Qingzhu, “Did something happen while I was unconscious? This Zenith Sensing Art…”
Ling Qingzhu shook her head and said, “You have promised me not to mention the Zenith Sensing Art. Since you have already succeeded in learning it, can you please not ask about it?”
Lin Dong looked at Ling Qingzhu’s slightly lowered eyes. He was silent for a moment, before he smiled bitterly and nodded.
“You should first try and feel the Zenith Sensing Art. It will naturally be best if we can escape from the current situation.” Ling Qingzhu turned her head away and softly said. After which, she walked towards a mountain slope. Her pretty eyes were worried as she peered into the distance, while her face appeared absentminded.
Lin Dong looked at the fair and soft figure. A breeze blew over and her ink like hair danced in the wind. He felt a little terrible in his heart for some unknown reason.
Lin Dong shook his head with all his might and gradually calmed the emotions in his heart. After which, he shut his eyes and sensed the mysterious thing which had appeared in his consciousness.
It was not something that had substance or form. Instead, it was a kind of ethereal and illusionary. There seemed to be a kind of strange energy stealthily surging over from that mysterious spot when he touched it.
“This… what exactly is this?”
Lin Dong’s was at a complete loss.
The shaking of the Ancient Universe Formation grew increasingly violently in the sky. It was vaguely possible to sense the monstrous Demonic Qi outside. The Ancient Universe Formation was clearly unable to endure the erosion of the five Yimo kings.
Buzz.
A buzzing sound finally spread in the sky. After which, the huge Ancient Universe Formation suddenly dimmed. The light weakened and it turned into a flash of light that fell from the sky and entered Lin Dong’s body.
The Great Desolate Tablet and the Mysterious Divine Palace also returned after the Ancient Universe Formation did so. From the looks of it, it was obvious that they had exhausted a great amount of their energy.
The entire mountain forest was completely exposed to the monstrous Demonic Qi after the Ancient Universe Formation was defeated. The Seventh Seat King was seated in the air within the Demonic Qi sea. Those sinister eyes of his indifferently looked at the Lin Dong duo, who had once again appeared in his sights.
“Ha ha, it looks like the both of you will not be able to escape death today.” The Seventh Seat King slowly stood up. He looked at Lin Dong as ferocity slowly rose from the corner of his lips.
Lin Dong’s tightly shut eyes gradually opened at this moment. Those pitch-black eyes of his were completely undisturbed. There was not even the slightest trace of panic in the face of this desperate situation.
The Seventh Seat King looked at the calm looking Lin Dong and frowned. He felt a little uneasy for some unknown reason. However, he quickly shrugged off this feeling. Less than an hour had passed. How could Lin Dong give him such a feeling from out of the blue?
“Next, the both of you should become a pair of dead lovebirds.”
The Seventh Seat King extended his hand as extremely frightening Demonic Qi gathered in his palm.
Lin Dong’s eyes remained calm. In the next moment, his body had already appeared in front of Ling Qingzhu as he softly said, “Stay behind me. You can be rest assured that since I have brought you out, I will definitely bring you back.”
Ling Qingzhu looked at this skinny figure in front of her and bit her red lips. There was a faint gentleness surging deep within her eyes as she softly acknowledged with a rarely seen gentleness.
Lin Dong lifted his head as his tightly clenched hands slowly relaxed. An extremely sharp fluctuation erupted from within his pitch-black eyes!





 Chapter 1243: Lightning Bow, Black Arrow
A sharp glint flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes before he suddenly extended his hand. Immediately, thunder clouds came from all directions and gathered in the sky above him. After which, a rumbling sound appeared, before a tens of thousands of feet large lightning dragon came whistling forward. Finally, it directly agglomerated within Lin Dong’s palm.
Lightning arcs danced as that lightning dragon shrunk rapidly. A moment later, a huge silver lightning bow appeared in Lin Dong’s hand.
With a cold expression on his face, Lin Dong stared at the Seventh Seat King, who was standing in the sky. Then, he used one of his hands to slowly draw the lightning bow until it creaked and formed a full arc. The instant the bow was stretched to its limits, deep black light rapidly gathered before they transformed into a black long arrow. 
Buzz buzz.
Black light was flowing on the tip of that black long arrow. In fact, it appeared as though there were tiny black holes at that spot. Currently, the bow was drawn. Although the arrow was still resting on the bowstring, the entire space was showing signs of an imminent collapse. 
Standing in the sky, the Seventh Seat King’s pupils hardened when he saw Lin Dong’s actions. Promptly, he chuckled, “Impressive. Using the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol as a bow and the Devouring Ancestral Symbol as an arrow. To be able to obtain such mastery over the two great Ancestral Symbols, you have truly exceeded my expectations. However, the gap between us is extremely vast, and regardless of how many techniques you have, you cannot breach this gap.”
“Is that so…”
A faint smile appeared on Lin Dong’s face when he heard this. Inhaling a deep breath of air, a moment later, a chaotic light suddenly flashed before it landed on that black arrow.
That light slowly flowed over the arrow and it did not give off any frightening ripples. However, the Devouring Power surging on the arrow began to shrink at this moment. After which, the surrounding space, which was pressured until it nearly collapsed, actually began to slowly recover.
From the looks of it, it seemed as though the lightning bow and the black arrow in Lin Dong’s hands have completely lost their powers.
A faint pale colour stealthily appeared on Lin Dong’s face. After which, he smiled at the Seventh Seat King. However, his smile was filled with endless ferocity.
Lin Dong suddenly released his finger, which was hooked on the bowstring. Instantly, his eyes became extremely sharp.
Buzz!
That black long arrow instantly disappeared the moment it left the bow. Meanwhile, standing in the sky, the Seventh Seat King’s pupils shrunk violently at this moment. 
In the next instant, ocean like monstrous demonic aura swept out from within his body. Meanwhile, his Devil Emperor Armour was covered by a black glow. As the demonic aura swept forth, he looked just like a devil god trampling the world. It was a frightening sight to behold.
Suddenly, the space in front of the Seventh Seat King was torn apart, before a black light shot towards him. However, even before he could react, it had already struck his body ruthlessly.
Boom!
The Seventh Seat King’s body trembled violently at this moment. Meanwhile, he staggered backwards before a sharp miserable cry was promptly emitted from his mouth. Instantly, the monstrous demonic aura that permeated the sky began to churn.
That black light struck the Seventh Seat King’s chest and penetrated his Devil Emperor Armour. After which, it penetrated his body and left through his back. Finally, without a drop in its momentum, it charged ruthlessly towards the demonic aura light barrier in the sky.
Crack.
The demonic aura light barrier formed by the five Yimo kings failed to put up any resistance. Immediately, a crisp sound appeared before the demonic aura light barrier blew apart.
The icy cool moonlight once again shone down on this place.
Grug.
The five Yimo kings’ faces turned pale. After which, all of them spat out a mouthful of black blood. With shock in their eyes, they stared at the figure standing in midair. 
“Seventh Seat King?!” The five of them hurriedly cried out. Amidst the churning demonic aura, the Seventh Seat King was staggering. Meanwhile, he was staring at the bloody hole on his chest in shock. Currently, black blood was flowing continuously out from it. It turns out a half a fist size bloody hole had actually appeared on his Devil Emperor Armour. Moreover, there were even small cracks on the edges of that hole.
His Devil Emperor Armour was actually broken?!
“How is this possible…”
The Seventh Seat King used his hand to touch the black blood flowing out from his wound, before he muttered to himself. Suddenly, his eyes turned furious before he cried out sternly, “How is this possible?!”
The monstrous demonic aura behind him descended into chaos. Moreover, a pale colour flashed across his face. Clearly, he was seriously injured by that arrow.
Standing below him, with no emotions on his face, Lin Dong stared at the raging Seventh Seat King. His hand, which drew the bow previously, was now covered with blood. Meanwhile, that hand was also tremblingly gently. Clearly, that previous attack had consumed all of his strength.
“It seems like your broken armour isn’t as powerful as you imagined.” Lin Dong mocked.
“You!” The Seventh Seat King’s expression became distorted. He was just about to attack in anger when he saw that Lin Dong had raised his lightning bow and pointed it at him once again. Moreover, there seemed to be a black long arrow slowly forming on it.
The Seventh Seat King shuddered when he saw that black long arrow again. After all, he did not understand why Lin Dong’s attacks became so powerful all of a sudden. Previously, Lin Dong was merely able to leave a small crack on his Devil Emperor Armour even after using the Eye of the Ancestral Symbol. However, Lin Dong was now able to penetrate both his Devil Emperor Armour and his body, and he even destroyed the demonic aura light barrier in the sky.
With his current strength, how was it possible for Lin Dong to unleash such a powerful attack?!
Fresh blood continuously flowed from the Seventh Seat King’s chest. His eyes were gloomy as he waved his hand. Immediately, the demonic aura sea gushed over before they actually wrapped around him and concealed his body.
“Lin Dong, you should stop putting up a show in front of me. Though that previous attack was extremely powerful, I don’t believe that you can use it continuously. Therefore, regardless of what happens, I will definitely be taking your life today!”
Nestled within the sea of demonic aura, the Seventh Seat King’s dark and sinister voice spread in all directions. As such, Lin Dong was unable to pinpoint his location. Clearly, this fellow was extremely intelligent. After he suffered previously, he no longer dared to expose his body.
Lin Dong remained emotionless. Instead, he merely tightened the grip over his lightning bow.
“Five kings, attack together with me and kill this brat!”
Another sharp cry was emitted from within the demonic sea. In order to kill Lin Dong, it seemed like the Seventh Seat King had no choice but to disregard his status and join forces with the five Yimo kings.
Ling Qingzhu arrived at Lin Dong’s side after hearing those words. With a longsword in her hand, she used her icy cold eyes to stare at the churning demonic sea in the sky.
Lin Dong waved his sleeve, before his Sky Devouring Corpse appeared in a flash. Meanwhile, his eyes were flickering rapidly. The Seventh Seat King was right indeed. That previous attack was as exhausting as the Eye of the Ancestral Symbol. Initially, he thought that he could use that attack to kill the Seventh Seat King. However, he had still underestimated how sturdy the Yimo were.
Moreover, with his current strength, there was no way he could execute that attack continuously. All he could do, was to rely on his Sky Devouring Corpse to buy some time. Once he recovered some of his strength, he would be able to activate the lighting bow and black arrow. At that time, regardless of how powerful the Seventh Seat King was, it was likely that he would sustain severe injuries.
However, during this period of time whereby he was recuperating, he did not know whether Ling Qingzhu and his Sky Devouring Corpse were able to stop the Seventh Seat King and the five Yimo kings.
“Kill’em!”
While he was thinking about this, explosive cries filled with murderous intent sounded from within the demonic sea. After which, six demonic aura light beams suddenly shot towards them.
“You should rest first.” Ling Qingzhu clenched her teeth when she saw that the Seventh Seat King and the rest were attacking them. Clearly, she knew about Lin Dong’s current condition. Therefore, after she spoke, a faint light rushed onto the longsword in her hand.
When Lin Dong saw this, he felt anxious immediately. Although he managed to hurt the Seventh Seat King, these Yimo had an extremely strong lifeforce and they were still able to fight even with such injuries. Therefore, how could Ling Qingzhu possibly fight against them head-on with her current strength?
“Humph. You Yimo, how dare you come to my Darkness City and act as you please! Do you think that my Darkness Palace is a soft persimmon?!”
However, a furious roar was transmitted from afar just as Lin Dong was about to force himself to fight. After which, a streak of light flashed across the horizon, before the entire place darkened immediately. In the next instant, a delicate little figure hurried over together with two other figures. Finally, they appeared beside Lin Dong. They were actually Qingtan and the two grand elders from Darkness Palace.
“Qingtan?!” Lin Dong was startled when he saw these sudden reinforcements. After which, he secretly sighed in relief.
“Big brother Lin Dong, are you alright?” When Qingtan saw that Lin Dong’s hands were covered with blood, she asked anxiously. Then, she quickly said, “We searched the area within a five hundred kilometres radius of the Darkness City, but we could not find you. Fortunately, an energy fluctuation was transmitted from this place previously and we came over immediately.” 
Lin Dong shook his head. Then, he lifted his head and looked at the sky. Now that Qingtan and the rest have arrived, there was no longer a need for him to be overly fearful of the Seventh Seat King.
Standing in the sky, amidst the churning demonic sea, the Seventh Seat King and the five other Yimo stopped. Then, they looked at Qingtan’s group, which had hurried over, before their expressions darkened. Initially, they thought that they would be able to kill Lin Dong easily. However, reality did not play out according to their expectations. Not only were they unable to kill the latter, but the Seventh Seat King was also severely wounded by the latter. 
“Seventh Seat King, what should we do?” The five Yimo kings looked at the Seventh Seat King before they softly asked.
With a brutal glint glimmering within his eyes, the Seventh Seat King held his chest before a pale expression flashed across his face. Then, he commanded in a menacing voice, “Since they are here, let’s kill them as well. How can a bunch of ants possibly force us to retreat? Dream on!”
“Understood!”
When they realized that the Seventh Seat King’s voice was filled with murderous intent, murderous intent surfaced within the eyes of the five Yimo kings. Promptly, demonic aura surged as they prepared to attack in an attempt to eliminate everyone below.
Standing below them, Qingtan released a cold snort when she saw this. Then, she clenched her small hand before her Darkness Saint Scythe appeared. After which, a glow flashed across her scythe before she summoned the Scythe Spirit.
Standing beside her, the two grand elders had a grave expression on their faces. Meanwhile, they were circulating the Yuan Power within their bodies as they steeled themselves to attack.
As the eyes of both parties slowly turned cold, an earth shaking battle was clearly about to occur.
Bang!
However, just when that tensed atmosphere reached its peak, an extremely loud thunder suddenly resounded through the place. Immediately, everyone present was startled. Then, they hurriedly lifted their heads and looked afar. At the edge of their sight, it was possible to see the darkened sky suddenly turning bright. Meanwhile, a world of thunder began to spread at a frightening rate. In the middle of that Thunder World, stood a tall and muscular figure. He was stepping on a thunderbolt as he streaked across the sky. Meanwhile, a frightening aura, that could not be described with words, permeated the sky.
Fear finally appeared on the Seventh Seat King’s gloomy face when he saw that figure, who was riding on a thunderbolt. Immediately, he cried out involuntarily.
“Thunderbolt Master?!”





 Chapter 1244: Thunderbolt Master
“Thunderbolt Master?”
Everyone present was taken aback when these two words escaped the mouth of the Seventh Seat King. After which, their eyes peered into the distance in a startled manner where a lightning world was rumbling towards them. A well-built figure towered within the lightning filled sky. The thunderbolt under his feet leaped forward, traveling over a hundred thousand feet in an instant.
Lin Dong was also a little shocked as he looked at the figure atop the thunderbolts. Was this person the Thunderbolt Master of the eight ancient masters mentioned by the Flame Master?
The figure was extremely quick. He was still at the edge of the sky when the thunder rumbled. However, lightning had was already gathering in the sky above by the time the thunder faded, and a figure appeared before everyone’s eyes.
Lin Dong and the rest were now finally able to clearly view this figure. He was rather burly and seemed to be middle-aged. With a head full of silver hair, his appearance was a little rough around the edges. A pair of lightning pupils were present under his thick eyebrows. Those eyes were filled with coldness and violence. A thunderbolt tattoo was present on his bare arm. An ancient and berserk ripple faintly emanated from it, causing the surroundings to tremble slightly.
Rumble!
The lightning in the sky grew increasingly dense and concentrated as those silver eyes of his slowly focused on the Seventh Seat King’s group, while an indescribable pressure spread from him.
“I have been searching for you people all over the world. I never imagined that you would actually dare to show yourselves.”
He stared at the Seventh Seat King as his low voice thundered across the area. Even the air seemed to shudder in response.
“Thunderbolt Master, you are really persistent!” The Seventh Seat King was grim as he looked at the Thunderbolt Master and said through gritted teeth.
“How can I compare to you people?” The Thunderbolt Master said in a faint voice. His stern appearance gave one a cold and strict feeling.
“Since I have found you, why don’t you tell me where those fellows are hiding?” The Thunderbolt Master stared at the Seventh Seat King and said in a deep voice.
“Tsk, you really like you boast as much as you did back then. Are you planning on fighting our Demon Prison alone? If that is the case, why were all of you forced into a slumber back then?” The Seventh Seat King laughed coldly.
“At the very least, you aren’t qualified to speak to me in such a manner!”
The Thunderbolt Master said in an indifferent manner. Soon after, a lightning glow flashed within his eyes and his large hand suddenly clenched. Endless lightning gathered at his palm, turning into six fist-sized lightning balls. Lightning arcs danced wildly over the lightning balls as a destructive ripple spread from them.
“Swoosh!”
He did not show any courtesy. With a wave of his hand, the six lightning ball disappeared. In the next moment, they had already shot out from the space behind the Seventh Seat King’s group.
The Seventh Seat King hurriedly turned around as monstrous Demonic Qi surged. A hand covered by the Devil Emperor Armor threw a punch and ruthlessly smashed onto the lightning balls.
Bang!
Lightning glow spread wildly as a moan emerged from the Seventh Seat King’s throat. His body was sent flying a thousand feet back and his arm had been charred black. It was likely that just this attack alone would have crippled one of his arms if not for the protection of the Devil Emperor Armor.
Ah!
Although the Seventh Seat King had blocked this attack, the other five Yimo kings did not possess the strength to do so. The lightning balls rushed at them and the Demonic Qi on their bodies crumbled almost instantly. Incomparably violent thunderbolt power erupted in front of them and the five of them emitted a miserable screech. After which, their bodies began to melt away at a frightening speed.
Within a short period of time, five Reincarnation stage experts were killed by the Thunderbolt Master in a single move!
Lin Dong was slightly startled upon seeing this scene. The two grand elders from Darkness Palace were dumbstruck while their bodies trembled violently. Such strength had robbed them of the courage to even fight.
“You!” The Seventh Seat King gnashed his teeth in anger after seeing that the five Yimo kings had been killed by the Thunderbolt Master in the blink of an eye. Murderous desire erupted from the former’s eyes.
“Will you tell me where those fellows are hiding now? Especially that fellow called Heaven Seat King. Is he still unwilling to show himself after hiding for tens of thousands of years?” The Thunderbolt Master’s eyes were emotionless as he said in a faint voice.
“Heaven Seat King?” Ridicule was revealed in the Seventh Seat King’s eyes when he heard this. “Thunderbolt Master, you nearly died at his hands back then. Yet, you still dare to search for him? I think it would be better to invite the Ice Master out!”
“It seems that you are unwilling to speak…”
The Thunderbolt Master shook his head and frightening desire to kill erupted within his lightning eyes. After which, he took a step forward.
The Seventh Seat King’s pupils shrunk the moment the Thunderbolt Master took a step forward.  Demonic Qi exploded while his body turned into a flash of black lightning as he pulled back.
“You are far too slow.”
The space behind him was torn open just as his body pulled back and the Thunderbolt Master appeared in a ghost like fashion. Five fingers were tightly grasped as lightning danced wildly on his arm. After which, his punch heavily smashed onto the back of the Seventh Seat King.
Bang!
Lightning shot in, and the body of the Seventh Seat King turned into a black ray of light as it fell, directly flattening a mountain in the process.
The Thunderbolt Master extended two fingers and pressed them onto the air. Frightening lightning spluttered out and viciously dashed towards the collapsed mountain. Soon after, the rubble was turned into dust. The figure within could not dodge in time and was blasted by the lightning. A mouthful of black blood was spat out and his body was smeared across the ground, creating a hundred thousand feet deep scar.
The Seventh Seat King, who had forced Lin Dong into an extremely dangerous situation, had been utterly crushed!
The Seventh Seat King miserably pushed himself up from the ground. His eyes dripped with venom as he maliciously glared at the Thunderbolt Master. There were many dents on the Devil Emperor Armor on his body. His strength was equivalent to someone who had experienced two Reincarnation Tribulations. The Thunderbolt Master however, was a peak level expert who had already experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations. Without the protection of the Devil Emperor Armor, he would now be seriously injured.
“It has been so many years, yet you are still only able to rely on this tortoise shell of yours.” The Thunderbolt Master looked at the ragged figure of the Seventh Seat King and shook his head. “This Devil Emperor Armor might be strong, but it will not be able to protect your life if I wish to kill you.”
The Seventh Seat King’s expression was grave. With a cold snort, both of his hands suddenly formed a seal. Monstrous Demonic Qi swept out as his body distorted. In the next moment, he turned into a dozen figures that fled in every direction. 
Each one of these figures had the same aura, and even the Demonic Qi fluctuation from their bodies appeared to be exactly the same. It was clear that all of them were the real Seventh Seat King and not mere illusions.
The Thunderbolt Master merely watched the Seventh Seat King display his technique in an unsympathetic manner. In the next moment, the former’s body strangely disappeared.
Boom!
Thunder boomed from the distance the moment the Thunderbolt Master disappeared. Lin Dong lifted his eyes and saw lightning appearing in front of a black figure as though it had teleported. The figure was shattered with a single punch. In the next instant, the bolt of lightning had already appeared in front of another black figure… 
Bang bang bang!
Lightning flashed as the Thunderbolt Master displayed an indescribably frightening speed. The dozen figures had barely made any headway before they were blasted apart.
Bang!
The final black figure was also struck by a punch. However, it did not explode into Demonic Qi. Instead, the figure flew backwards as black blood uncontrollably spurted out. It was obvious that this fellow’s actual body had been forced out.
“Trying to escape in front of me. Have you become stupid?” The Thunderbolt Master coldly looked at the exceptionally miserable Seventh Seat King as heart palpitating killing intent slowly rose in his lightning eyes.
“Since you are unwilling to speak, there is no purpose in your existence. I will just have to kill you to prevent the contamination of this world.” The Thunderbolt Master clenched his hand and endless lightning converged in the sky. Finally, it turned into a ten thousand feet large lightning seal which gave off an incomparably berserk fluctuation.
Boom!
There was no hesitation once the lightning seal was formed. It was accompanied by a destructive power as it ruthlessly crushed the Seventh Seat King, causing the land to crumble and instantly creating a deep abyss.
The expression in the eyes of the Seventh Seat King changed upon seeing this attack. Monstrous Demonic Qi surged as he forcefully resisted the lightning seal. However, his Demonic Qi grew increasingly weak and thin under the suppression of the lightning seal.
The lightning seal moved nearer and nearer to the Seventh Seat King. The latter tightly gritted his teeth as a fierce glint continued to flicker within his eyes.
Boom!
The lightning seal finally landed. However, just as it was about to crush the Seventh Seat King, the space behind him was suddenly torn apart, forming a ten thousand feet crack in space. After which, a ten thousand feet large devil hand suddenly extended from the crack and forcibly blocked the lightning seal, before flinging it away.
This unexpected turn of events caused Lin Dong’s group to be startled. Their eyes drifted over and saw a black figure standing with his hands behind him on the ten thousand feet large devil hand.
“Hehe, Thunderbolt Master, it has been so many years since we have met. Must you be so ruthless?’ The black figure on the devil hand smiled towards the Thunderbolt Master and said.
“Fifth Seat King?”
The Thunderbolt Master looked at the devil like figure which had appeared. A ripple flitted across his lightning eyes as he replied, “Someone decent has finally appeared.”
“Thunderbolt Master, I know that you are formidable, but you will not be able to stop me if I want to save him. Therefore, there is no need to waste your strength. You can be reassured that there will ultimately be a battle between our Devil Prison and you ancient masters.”
The devil like figure laughed softly. Soon after, his eyes looked towards Lin Dong and said, “You are that Lin Dong right? How extraordinary. It is unexpected that even old number seven has failed. Consider yourself lucky this time…”
He waved his sleeve as his voice sounded. After which, Demonic Qi engulfed the Seventh Seat King and the space behind him once again cracked open.
“Humph!”
The Thunderbolt Master let out a cold snort when he saw this and threw a punch forward. The thunderbolts that filled the sky turned into a hundred thousand feet large lightning lion that pounced forth. It was accompanied by an incomparably wild and violent power as it charged towards the Fifth Seat King.
“Ha ha, you are as rude as ever. However, now is not the time for us to fight. Just you wait Thunderbolt Master. This time, we Yimo will definitely turn the war from tens of thousands of years ago around.”
The Fifth Seat King waved his sleeve. An incomparably enormous devil lotus bloomed and blocked the lightning lion. After which, his body withdrew into the spatial crack. Soon after, the Demonic Qi scattered and finally completely disappeared from the area.
The Thunderbolt Master looked at the spot where the Fifth Seat King had disappeared. With a flick of his finger, a tiny bolt of lightning penetrated the space and noiselessly disappeared.
He finally turned around after doing this and stared at Lin Dong. A long while later, he finally said, “You are the Lin Dong whom the Flame Master mentioned? The current owner of the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol?”





 Chapter 1245: Matter of the Devil Prison
Lin Dong was slightly startled when he heard the Thunderbolt Master’s words. It was not strange for the latter to detect the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol in his body. However, from the latter’s tone, it was obvious that the Thunderbolt Master had learnt about him from a conversation with the Flame Master.
Although Lin Dong was unaware of how the Flame Master had described him, he still nodded. Soon after, he cupped his hands together towards the Thunderbolt Master and said, “Thank you for your aid Thunderbolt Master.”
Although the Seventh Seat King would not have been able to do as he pleased if they were to fight it out, Lin Dong’s group would be forced to pay a certain price. Hence, he had to thank the Thunderbolt Master for lending a hand.
“Killing the Yimo is my duty and responsibility. I have spent a long time searching for them. It is only because of you that I managed to obtain a clue today. Therefore, there is no need for you to thank me.” The Thunderbolt Master shook his head. His voice was as loud as thunder.
The Thunderbolt Master’s eyes swept towards Lin Dong. The former’s eyes appeared to be judging the latter. Finally, he nodded, “It is surprising that you are actually able to break the Seventh Seat King’s Devil Emperor Armor with your current strength. It seems that you are just as remarkable as the Flame Master described.”
His voice contained a rare trace of amazement. He had fought far too many times with the upper echelons of the Yimo, and was naturally well aware of just how strong the Devil Emperor Armor was. It was the only reason why that Seventh Seat King had been able to endure for such a long time in his hands. Yet, Lin Dong was able to rely on his own power to break the Devil Emperor Armor. Even the Thunderbolt Master could not help but be somewhat amazed.
Lin Dong merely chuckled. In order to achieve such a result, that attack had gathered powers of the two Ancestral Symbol strength in his body and the mysterious power obtained from the Zenith. It could be considered his strongest attack. Despite this, it had only been able to injure the Seventh Seat King. Killing him was still impossible.
The Thunderbolt Master looked at Lin Dong. He suddenly hesitated for a moment, before he said, “Can I take a look at the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol?”
His voice was a little softer than usual. The Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol was a natural divine object, and he was the first owner of the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol. However, he was well aware that such a divine object would seek its own owner. Back then, he had cut off his connection with the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol when he fell into a deep slumber. Plus, its new owner was Lin Dong. Hence, even he did not have any right to retrieve it.
Lin Dong smiled upon hearing the Thunderbolt Master’s words. After which, he nodded and extended his hand. Lightning converged within it as an ancient lightning symbol slowly appeared.
The Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol flickered and drifted towards the Thunderbolt Master when it appeared. The latter’s face was full of reminisce as he extended his large hand and touched it. “It has been a long time, old partner.”
Buzz buzz.
The Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol emitted a buzzing sound. After which, a lightning arc swirled on the Thunderbolt Master’s palm. The Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol also possessed a spirit. Therefore, it also had some feelings towards its first owner.
The Thunderbolt Master rubbed the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol. It was a long time later before he handed it back to Lin Dong and said, “You are the current owner of the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol and should be aware of some responsibilities that come with this status. I hope that you will not bring dishonor to its name.”
Lin Dong grasped the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol. Lightning flickered on his palm as he looked at the Thunderbolt Master. “Don’t you want to take back the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol? Without the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, there will ultimately be something missing in the name of the Thunderbolt Master, right?”
The Thunderbolt Master shook his head and said, “The eight ancient masters do indeed possess the greatest connection with the eight Ancestral Symbols. However, from a certain point of view, we are merely allies. They have their own freedom and have the right to choose their new owners. If the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol is without an owner, I will naturally bring it away with me. However, it has already chosen a new owner for itself. Since this is the case, its choice is definitely the most suitable for it. The choice of the Ancestral Symbol is never wrong.”
The Thunderbolt Master smiled after saying this. There was some pride in his smile, “Moreover, you should not underestimate us. It is true that the Ancestral Symbols can further strengthen us. However, even without them, we are still powerful. Due to having accompanied them for such a long time, we have already assimilated their power.”
Lin Dong was stunned upon hearing this.
“You don’t understand?” A mysterious expression slowly rose on the face of the Thunderbolt Master. He slowly extended his hand and clenched it. Lightning flashed and appeared. Within the lightning was an extremely familiar power. It was the power of the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol.
“Although we currently… do not possess the Ancestral Symbols, we… can be called… human shaped Ancestral Symbols.”
“Therefore, even without the Ancestral Symbols, we still possess their power… however, we still require the Ancestral Symbols in order to unleash certain extremely powerful techniques.”
Amazement rose on Lin Dong’s face. No wonder the Flame Master and Thunderbolt Master were not overly focused on the Ancestral Symbols after awakening. The power of the Ancestral Symbols had taken root and developed in their bodies...
“However, only those who have obtained the maximum mastery over the Ancestral Symbol will still possess its powers after cutting their connection to the Ancestral Symbol. Although the Ancestral Symbols have experienced many outstanding owners after us, it is extremely rare to find someone who has reached our level.”
The Thunderbolt Master looked at Lin Dong and said, “You might perhaps be able to reach that level in future. Moreover, there are two Ancestral Symbols in your body. It is impossible to tell just what kind of changes will occur when their power is assimilated.”
Lin Dong silently nodded. He was already rather proficient with regards to the Ancestral Symbols. However, perhaps because he was in possession of two great Ancestral Symbol, he was temporarily unable to reach the limits that the Thunderbolt Master and the others had reached.
The Thunderbolt Master watched Lin Dong keep the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol in his body. He was quiet for a moment before he said, “The Flame Master has already spoken to me about the Ice Master.”
Lin Dong was stunned.
“Of course, the others should also be aware of this matter when they awaken.”
The corners of Lin Dong’s lips twitched slightly. His peripheral vision glanced at Ling Qingzhu beside him. However, she merely quietly watched the distant mountain forest. It was as though she did not hear anything that had been said.
“We are also quite surprised that the situation had developed in such a manner. Originally, we believed that given little junior sister’s character, it was likely that she will never have any feelings towards a certain man.” The Thunderbolt Master’s eyes were a little strange as he looked at Lin Dong. He had been dazed for a good part of the day when he first heard of this from the Flame Master. Clearly, he was unable to imagine that the cold ten thousand year ice like little junior sister would actually become like this one day… 
“She is not her.” Lin Dong sighed softly and said.
The Thunderbolt Master smiled faintly. His eyes contained a deeper meaning in them as he stared at Lin Dong and said, “Perhaps… since little junior sister has spoken, we will not dwell on this matter too much for the time being. However… I have to warn you that she will ultimately have to return.”
“This is because… this world still needs her.”
Lin Dong deeply inhaled and slowly nodded. “I know. I will use my own methods to change this. You people will perhaps find it comical, but giving up is not part of my character.”
The Thunderbolt Master appeared to be aware that Lin Dong would answer in this matter. Hence, he did not say anything else.
“Where will you be heading to next?” Lin Dong changed the topic and asked.
“Earlier, I planted a lightning seal on the Seventh Seat King and I can roughly sense his position. I need to go and scout for awhile. The fact that those fellows have hid for so many years has always made me uneasy.” The Thunderbolt Master voiced his thoughts.
“Alone?” Lin Dong was taken aback. Although the Thunderbolt Master was frighteningly strong, the Devil Prison was not ordinary either. An example was the Fifth Seat King that had appeared previously. He was obviously a peak expert who had experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations, and there should be four other powerful existences with such strength above him. It was clearly a little too much for the Thunderbolt Master to deal with them.
“The strongest few fellows of Devil Prison also suffered extremely serious injuries back then. Currently, they should be doing their best to recover. Hence, Devil Prison will ultimately not dare to fight me head on. Otherwise, they would not have continue to hide.” The Thunderbolt Master said.
The Thunderbolt Master smiled faintly after his words sounded. “Moreover, even if I encounter some danger, even the strongest Heaven Seat King will not be able to stop me from leaving.”
His words contained some pride. As the Thunderbolt Master, his speed was outstanding amongst the eight ancient masters. It was not easy to retain him.
“Heaven Seat King?” Lin Dong glanced at the Thunderbolt Master. He had heard this name from the Seventh Seat King earlier.
“He is the boss of Devil Prison and an extremely troublesome fellow. Back then, he was the strongest existence under the Yimo Emperor. I fought him back then, but was no match for him.” The eyes of the Thunderbolt Master clearly hardened when this name was mentioned. “However, that fellow was seriously injured after clashing with little junior sister. It is likely that he has yet to recover. Otherwise, only little junior sister will be able to handle him if he appears. At that time…”
He glanced at Lin Dong after saying this. His meaning was clear. Once the Heaven Seat King appeared… the Ice Master should also emerge. Perhaps, this was the remaining time they gave to Lin Dong.
Lin Dong clenched his fist tightly.
“I should get going. Devil Prison has failed to deal with you this time, and will likely not dare to do anything for now. They will most probably remain quiet until the strongest few of Devil Prison completely recover.” The Thunderbolt Master said.
Lin Dong nodded, “Be careful.”
The Thunderbolt Master did things with great efficiency. After saying everything he wanted to, he ceased staying in this place. He waved towards Lin Dong’s group and bright lightning appeared around him. After which, thunder rumble as lightning flashed and his body vanished.
Lin Dong looked at the spot where the Thunderbolt Master had vanished and sighed softly. It seemed that this world was becoming increasingly chaotic. It was impossible to tell just when the hidden Yimo would burst forth.
When that time came, it was obvious that the second world war would once again begin.





Chapter 1246: Return to the Unique Devil Region
After the sneak attack from the Seventh Seat King, Darkness City had clearly beefed up its security. However, Lin Dong and the rest understood that such defences had little effect against someone as powerful as the Seventh Seat King. Ultimately, they still had to rely on their own strength.
Thankfully, they were able to stop the sneak attack by the Seventh Seat King. Moreover, the latter was also seriously injured. According to what the Thunderbolt Master said, it was likely that Devil Prison would not dare to do anything more in the meantime. After all, though Devil Prison was powerful, the current situation in the world was uncertain. Therefore, without absolute confidence, they would not dare to act wantonly.
Lin Dong and the rest stayed for a day in Darkness City. Meanwhile, Qingtan had finally subjugated the hearts of everyone within Darkness Palace. Therefore, Darkness Palace was considered to be completely under her control and no one would ever dare to rebel against her. 
Hence, at this juncture, he could finally take this little girl back to the Eastern Xuan Region.
　　……
There was a spatial formation slowly distorting the sky above an empty square in Darkness City. Meanwhile, waves of wild and violent spatial strength were being emitted from it.
“Palace master, the spatial teleportation formation has been set up. You can use it anytime you want.” A black robed elder looked at the teleportation formation that was set up, before he lifted his head and spoke respectfully to the black dressed girl standing beside him.
Qingtan nodded gently upon hearing this. Then, she said, “Elder Chen, during this period of time where I am gone, you will take my place and oversee the entire Darkness Palace. If any major incidents occur, shatter the communication talisman that I gave you and I will hurry back immediately.”
“Understood.” That black robed elder replied respectfully after hearing this.
After giving her orders, Qingtan nodded her small face. After which, her delicate figure moved before she appeared on a platform, that was located at a short distance away. Subsequently, a sweet smile appeared on her small face, which had a stern-looking expression previously, before she hugged Lin Dong’s arm and smilingly said, “Big brother Lin Dong, we can go now.”
Lin Dong smiled and nodded upon hearing this. Then, he turned to look at Ling Qingzhu before he said, “Let’s go.”
After he spoke, he swung his sleeve before the three of them appeared within the teleportation formation. Meanwhile, there were countless experts from Darkness Palace kneeling respectfully below them.
“Goodbye palace master.” Orderly and respectful voices sounded at this moment.
Qingtan nodded gently to everyone below. After which, she waved her small hand, before she activated the spatial teleportation formation. Immediately, an extremely violent spatial fluctuation spread. Then, resplendent silver light surged and wrapped around the three of them.
“Buzz.”
That resplendent light erupted, forcing the crowd to narrow their eyes immediately. When they once again opened their eyes, the three people in the sky had already vanished. The only thing left, was a distortion in that empty space.
　　……
By the time the Lin Dong trio tore through space and arrived in the Eastern Xuan Region, it was already three days later. Nonetheless, this method was clearly several times more efficient compared to when he first headed over. Moreover, if he wished to travel back to that location in the future, he could use the spatial stamp that he left behind. Therefore, there was no longer a need to travel through the tens of thousands of large mountains.
Lin Dong walked out from within the distorted space. Then, his eyes swept across his surroundings before he turned and looked towards the north. Promptly, a strange expression flashed across his eyes before he asked, “Where is that?”
Ling Qingzhu looked in that direction. Then, she immediately glanced at Lin Dong before she softly said, “That is where the Unique Devil Region is located.”
“Unique Devil Region…”
Lin Dong involuntarily sighed softly after he heard the name of that place, which had left a deep impression on his mind. Back then, he and his two brothers were forced to flee miserably by Yuan Gate in that place. 
“Since we are here, let’s head to the Unique Devil Region.” Lin Dong said. He still remembered that back in the Unique Devil Region, there was an elder called old man Fen Tian whom he was indebted to. However, that elder ended up sacrificing his physical body in order to suppress a Yimo general.
Back then, Lin Dong thought that a Yimo general was an unbeatable foe. However, as of now, it was likely that he could easily kill numerous Yimo generals with the flip of a palm. 
Ling Qingzhu and Qingtan naturally did not object to his suggestion. Immediately, they nodded their heads. When he saw this, Lin Dong stopped hesitating. Then, he waved his hand before the three of them transformed into rays of light and streaked across the sky.
In a couple of minutes, they had already travelled thousands of miles. Following which, a massive city appeared within Lin Dong’s sight. As he looked at this somewhat familiar looking city, a look of reminiscence appeared in his eyes. Back then, he and his two brothers experienced a bloody fight with Yuan Gate at this location. However, it was not a good ending for them.
Lin Dong looked at Unique Devil City standing in front of him. It was a long while later before he moved. In the next moment, they were already standing outside the Unique Devil Region. Following which, the space in front of them gently trembled, before an ancient formation became vaguely visible. This was a formation passed down from the ancient times and it was used to seal the demonic aura within the Unique Devil Region. Back then, Lin Dong had to wait for the seal to weaken in order to enter this place. However, as of now, he no longer had to do so. With a wave of his sleeve, the empty space was split apart. Then, their bodies moved before they entered directly.
As they entered the Unique Devil Region, there were many adventurous experts below, who were eagerly waiting for the Unique Devil Region to open up. When they saw the powerful techniques unleashed by the Lin Dong trio, all of them were stunned. 
Naturally, Lin Dong did not care about these little details. After he entered the Unique Devil Region, he immediately surveyed his surroundings. It has been a few years since he came, but there was still faint demonic aura lingering over the Unique Devil Region. Looking afar, this place looked ancient and desolate. Meanwhile, there were many large gullies on the ground, indicating that a frightening big battle had occured in this place back in the past.
The Lin Dong trio did not linger here for long, as they directly headed towards the deepest part of the Unique Devil Region. With their current strength, what was once the forbidden grounds of the Eastern Xuan Region obviously posed no hindrance to them. Therefore, in less than ten minutes, they had already reached the deepest part of the Unique Devil Region. Relying on his memories from three years ago, Lin Dong soon came to a stop. Then, his eyes looked into the distance. There was a huge crimson volcano standing at that spot and it was even possible for him to vaguely spot a statue like figure on top of that volcano.
Lin Dong slowly drifted towards that volcano. Meanwhile, that figure looked just like a stone statue and his body was covered with dust. Furthermore, that lava volcano was also emitting a powerful energy wave, preventing anyone from approaching it. However, that energy wave was completely useless against Lin Dong.
“Elder.”
Lin Dong bowed towards that human statue, who had died. Although his strength had likely far surpassed that of old man Fen Tian, the latter used all of his remaining lifeforce to form a pill just before he died. After which, he gave that pill to Lin Dong. Over the years, Lin Dong had always kept this favor in mind. 
“This elder has already died. Is it still possible to rescue him?” Ling Qingzhu used her bright eyes to look at that human figure, who was covered with dust, before she softly said. Back then, she was also present when that incident occurred. Therefore, she naturally knew that Lin Dong had received many favors from this elder.
“His situation is a little unique. He has not completely died. In the past, in order to suppress that Yimo general, he turned himself into a zombie, allowing him to live forever in order to suppress that Yimo general. Therefore, from a certain point of view, old man Fen Tian has not completely died.” Lin Dong shook his head and said. 
Back then, before he left, he once asked old man Fen Tian about it. The latter said that if Lin Dong wanted to rescue him, he should return only after he had understood Reincarnation. As of now, although Lin Dong had yet to advance to the Reincarnation stage, he had indeed touched Reincarnation. Moreover, his Mental Energy had also reached the Supreme Symbol Master level and even an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert was no match for him.
“This elder turned himself into a zombie. However, his body is currently filled with Death Qi and he has lost all his Life Qi. This is also the reason why he died. If we can provide him with sufficient Life Qi, it should be possible to wake him up.” Qingtan used her large eyes to observe this person, who had died. Then, she pondered for a moment before she said. 
Lin Dong nodded in agreement. Then, he smiled at that figure and said, “Elder Fen Tian, back then, you gave me all the Life Qi within your body. Today, I shall return the favor.”
Lin Dong extended his hand after he spoke. Immediately, monstrous Yuan Power swept forward. Meanwhile, Life and Death Qi were perfectly merged within his Yuan Power. Then, a thought passed through his mind before a dense white light was segregated from within his Yuan Power. Moreover, that white light was filled with extremely pure Life Qi.
As that Life Qi spread, Lin Dong flicked one finger before that vast and mighty Life Qi transformed into a huge swirl. Meanwhile, in the middle of the swirl, was the body of old man Fen Tian.
Life Qi spread. After which, it continuously surged towards that figure. In fact, the amount of Life Qi present caused some greenery to emerge on the top of this volcano.
The Death Qi within the body of old man Fen Tian was extremely dense. In fact, even a Reincarnation stage expert would face some difficulties if he wanted to balance the Life Qi and Death Qi within old man Fen Tian’s body. Thankfully, Lin Dong was completely different from before and the amount of Yuan Power within his body was as vast as an ocean. Moreover, with his Mental Energy assisting him, old man Fen Tian’s skin, which previously looked like dried tree bark, gradually turned soft after half a day. After which, a faint Life Qi began to seep out from within his body.
While Lin Dong channeled his Yuan Power, his mind shook gently. After which, some of the Reincarnation Will that he inherited from the Devouring Master merged with his Life Qi. Finally, the Life Qi, that permeated the sky, transformed into a cream white pill before it directly flowed into old man Fen Tian’s body through his head.
Old man Fen Tian was a top expert who had touched Reincarnation and he was only one step away from the Reincarnation stage. Back then, he failed to make a breakthrough. Currently, with the help of the Reincarnation Will from the Devouring Master, he might be able to break into the Reincarnation stage.
The moment that white pill entered the body of old man Fen Tian, his seemingly dead body suddenly trembled gently. After which, a vibrant red colour appeared on his elderly face, before he slowly opened his eyes.
He was in a daze as he opened his eyes. After which, he saw a smiling young face.





Chapter 1247: Awakening Fen Tian
Old man Fen Tian slowly opened his eyes before he looked at the young man standing in front of him. In his mind, he felt like that face was somewhat familiar looking. However, he frowned as he tried to clear his mind. Although he was able to live forever after he made himself into a zombie, compared to an ordinary man, there were still some differences.
“You…” Old man Fen Tian spoke in a lost tone.
“Elder Fen Tian, this junior is called Lin Dong. I met you once three years ago.” With a gentle smile on his face, Lin Dong clenched his hand before a bright red cauldron appeared. It was the Burning Sky Cauldron that old man Fen Tian gave him back then. Moreover, this treasure helped Lin Dong to survive numerous crises over the years and it even saved his life.
“Is that… the Burning Sky Cauldron?”
Old man Fen Tian was staring in shock at the Burning Sky Cauldron. Promptly, his eyes seemed to have brightened slightly as he hurriedly took it. Then, he used his eyes to size up Lin Dong. A moment later, as if he recalled something, he spoke in a startled voice, “You… you are that little fellow from back then?”
Old man Fen Tian did not have a clear concept of time. Within his blurry memories, he seemed to recall that he once met Lin Dong many years ago. After that, he even gave his Burning Sky Cauldron to the latter.
However, he did not expect that when he once again left the darkness, that young man who looked extremely weak in his eyes back then, was now in possession of such terrifying strength.
He could clearly detect the pressure radiating from Lin Dong’s body. In fact, that pressure caused the Life and Death Qi within his body to become a little sluggish.
Lin Dong nodded his head gently and said, “Back then, elder mentioned that if I wanted to rescue you, I will have to return after I understood Reincarnation. Although I have yet to reach that level, I believe that I possess the strength to wake you up.”
Old man Fen Tian was startled. With a complicated expression in his eyes, he looked at the young man in front of him. Back then, he thought that he was going to die for sure. It was also why he gave all the Life Qi within his body to Lin Dong. This was merely a convenient gesture before he died. However, who could have imagined that this small act of kindness would actually allow him to reap such great benefits in the future? 
“Young friend… thank you.”
Old man Fen Tian released a deep sigh, before he slowly bowed towards Lin Dong. What he had given Lin Dong back then was hardly worth mentioning compared to what he had received now.
“Elder, there is no need to be so courteous. Currently, the Life Qi and Death Qi within your body are once again in equilibrium. If you can advance to the Reincarnation stage, you might be able to escape from your zombie state and become genuinely alive once again.” Lin Dong waved his hand and said.
“Sigh, how can it be so easy to escape from this zombie state. It is impossible to detect Reincarnation in my state.” Old man Fen Tian sighed and said.
“That may not be true. Elder, feel the insides of your body.” Lin Dong gave a mysterious smile before he said.
Old man Fen Tian was startled upon hearing this. He pondered for a moment before he sensed his body as told. Soon after, shock surfaced on his elderly face. After which, that shock intensified before it turned into joy, “Are… Are these Reincarnation Will?”
“Previously, I obtained an inheritance from an elder. I will be giving this Reincarnation Will to elder Fen Tian.” Lin Dong smilingly said.
Old man Fen Tian was so grateful that his body began to tremble, while tears rolled down his elderly face. Originally, he thought that he would have to spend the rest of his life in his current state, which was worse than death. However, who could have thought that not only was he able to awaken, but his body once again possessed Reincarnation Will. As such, he once again possessed the qualifications to attempt to breakthrough to the Reincarnation stage.
When Lin Dong saw how excited old man Fen Tian was, he gently smiled. Although what the latter gave him in the past was hardly worth mentioning now, Lin Dong still felt tremendous respect towards an honorable man like him, who was willing to turn himself into a zombie in order to suppress the Yimo. Therefore, now that he was able to help him, Lin Dong naturally felt extremely happy as well. 
“Young friend, I will never forget this huge favour. In the future, if you ever need my help, I will make sure that I do everything that I can!” Old man Fen Tian bowed excitedly towards Lin Dong. However, the latter quickly stopped him.
“Elder is far too courteous.” Lin Dong smiled and shook his head. He was just about to speak when his expression suddenly changed. This was because he realized that the volcano was trembling gently. Meanwhile, an extremely dense demonic aura seeped out from beneath the volcano.
“Oh no. That Yimo general, whom I have been suppressing, has awakened.” Old man Fen Tian was startled when he saw this. All along, he had been sitting in place and suppressing that Yimo general. However, now that he had awakened, that Yimo general had actually followed suit.
Bang!
After his voice sounded, the demonic aura beneath the lava became even denser. In the next instance, the demonic aura began to flow with the lava before it eroded the entire volcano. Within less than a dozen breaths, the entire volcano was turned into dust by that demonic aura.
After that large volcano disappeared, an extremely frightening demonic aura soared towards the sky. Following which, a devil figure bellowed from within the demonic aura. Moreover, his aura was several times more powerful compared to before.
“This…”
When that lava old man sensed the strength of the demonic aura, his expression changed dramatically before he involuntarily cried out loud, “How is this possible? That Yimo general has actually evolved?!”
A tinge of shock flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes when he heard this. He was naturally able to tell that the strength of this Yimo general had soared and he had clearly reached the level of a Yimo king. This fellow was very formidable. It turns out that while he was being sealed, he was actually accumulating his strength in an attempt to break into the Yimo king level. Moreover, he had actually succeeded.
“Oh no, young friend Lin Dong. All of you should leave immediately. That Yimo general has successfully evolved into a king and he is comparable to a Reincarnation stage expert. I am afraid that I can no longer suppress him.” Old man Fen Tian hurriedly said.
“Tsk tsk, old ghost Fen Tian, you didn’t expect this, did you? Not only was I not turned into dust under your suppression, but I even managed to make a breakthrough in that hopeless situation. Now that I have advanced to the king level, how can you possibly fight against me?” Demonic aura permeated the sky. That devil figure stood in the sky as he looked at old man Fen Tian. Meanwhile, his sinister face was filled with a cold expression.
Old man Fen Tian clenched his teeth. He was just about to go all-out and block this Yimo king, when Lin Dong extended his hand and stopped him. Then, the latter looked at the Yimo king, who was laughing arrogantly, before he smiled and shook his head. “I have even fought with the Seventh Seat King from the Devil Prison. A mere Yimo like you, who has just advanced to the king level, actually dares to act so arrogantly in front of me. What a joke.”
His arrogant laughter came to a sudden halt. Then, that Yimo king stared at Lin Dong in shock, before he quickly mocked, “What nonsense are you sprouting? The Seventh Seat King is a great man that can match up to the Ancient Masters. Someone like you is merely an ant in his eyes.”
Lin Dong smiled. However, he stopped arguing with him. Instead, an icy chill slowly rose within his eyes.
Rumble.
All of a sudden, thunder resounded across the sky. Following which, thunder clouds came from all directions and gathered in the sky. Meanwhile, there were countless thunderbolts dancing within them, while an extremely frightening ripple spread.
When he saw this scene, the Yimo king was greatly startled. Immediately, he lifted his head before he stared in shock at this scene. Meanwhile, he felt extremely uneasy in his heart.
“There’s something strange about this fellow.”
That Yimo king was not a fool. When he saw this formation, he felt danger rising within his heart. Then, his eyes glimmered before he quickly retreated. 
Old man Fen Tian, who was originally preparing himself for a huge fight, was startled when he saw that the Yimo king was retreating. However, even before he could speak, Lin Dong gave a faint smile. Then, he clenched his hand before the space around that Yimo king became distorted. Following which, four huge black holes appeared, trapping the Yimo king within, before an extremely violent tearing force erupted. This immediately frightened that Yimo king, forcing him to wildly circulate his demonic aura in an attempt to block that attack.
Bang!
Countless thunderbolts were gathering in the sky. Finally, they transformed into a ten thousand feet large lightning dragon that came whistling down ferociously. Then, under the shocked stare from that Yimo King, it charged into that sealed black hole prison. 
Boom!
A lightning sun erupted in the sky, before wild and violent thunderbolt force spread. In fact, a significant amount of the demonic aura in the sky above the Unique Devil Region were also removed.
A miserable scream was being emitted from within the lightning sun. After which, old man Fen Tian was stunned when he saw that extremely arrogant Yimo king, who had just made a breakthrough, disappearing at a frightening rate. In the next instant, he had vanished from this world.
“This…”
Old man Fen Tian’s eyes were filled with shock. He had fought with the Yimo many times and naturally knew that they had an extremely powerful lifeforce. In fact, even an ultimate Reincarnation stage expert would have difficulties killing a Yimo king and all they could do was to seal it. However, Lin Dong had easily killed a Yimo king. His abilities… were far too terrifying.
Lin Dong patted his hands as the thunder clouds in the sky scattered. Meanwhile, there were hardly any emotions in his eyes. With his current strength, an ordinary Yimo king was no match for him. Moreover, this fellow had just advanced to the king level and he actually dared to act so haughtily in front of him. That arrogant bastard was completely out of his depth. 
“Young friend Lin Dong’s techniques have truly left me in awe. I have embarrassed myself previously.” Old man Fen Tian slowly recovered his senses. Then, he looked straight at Lin Dong before he sighed.
Only now, did he finally understand how powerful this young man, who needed his help back then, had became.
Lin Dong grinned. He looked at the Yimo king, who had disappeared, before he turned to look at the ground below. Then, he involuntarily frowned. Logically speaking, after one was sealed, even if one didn’t gradually lose one’s strength, one shouldn’t be able to make a breakthrough. Therefore, why did such an odd case occur? 
Moreover, there was a massive gap between the general level and the king level, and it was extremely difficult to advance from the former to the latter.
Lin Dong frowned and pondered for a moment. However, he did not make any progress. Hence, all he could do was to shake his head. Perhaps that fellow got lucky.
“Elder Fen Tian, where do you plan to go now that the Yimo has been eliminated?” Lin Dong looked at old man Fen Tian and asked.
“My old life has been bestowed by you. Since that fellow has been eliminated, if you don’t mind, can I follow beside you?” Old man Fen Tian pondered for a moment before he smilingly replied. After all, he was someone from the ancient times and he did not know anyone now. Therefore, he naturally had nowhere to go. 
“It just so happens that I am heading back to my clan. Since elder Fen Tian has nowhere to go, you can stay in my clan as a guest elder if you are interested.” Lin Dong smiled. Old man Fen Tian was extremely powerful. Therefore, if the latter stayed in his Lin Clan, he could help to protect his family members.
To begin with, since old man Fen Tian had nowhere to go, he did not object as he quickly nodded with a smile.
When he saw this, Lin Dong stopped lingering in this place. He waved his hand before he quickly left the Unique Devil Region. However, right before he left the Unique Devil Region, he involuntarily turned his head and glanced at this place. For some unknown reason, an uneasy sensation had rose deep within his heart. However, it was an extremely faint sensation and it disappeared in a flash. Promptly, a doubtful expression flashed across his eyes, before his body moved and he disappeared.





Chapter 1248: Reunion
Outside the Unique Devil Region. Lin Dong’s four man group appeared in a flash. As old man Fen Tian looked at the outside world, which he had not seen for tens of thousands of years, he involuntarily sighed.
“Let’s head straight to the Great Yan Empire.” After resolving the matter regarding old man Fen Tian, Lin Dong was clearly in a good mood. Therefore, he immediately laughed before he said.
Qingtan and old man Fen Tian did not object upon hearing his words. However, Ling Qingzhu bit her red lips. Then, she stared at Lin Dong before she slowly shook her head.
“I’ll be heading back to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace. The Great Yan Empire is in a completely different direction and we should part ways here.”
“You aren’t coming with us to the Great Yan Empire? Why?” Lin Dong was a little stunned as he stared at Ling Qingzhu.
Ling Qingzhu’s bright eyes paused on Lin Dong’s face. Then, she smiled faintly before she said, “Are you planning to bring me back to your home? Do you know what this means?”
Lin Dong was speechless. If he brought Ling Qingzhu back to the Great Yan Empire, wouldn’t it feel like he was bringing back his wife to meet her parents-in-law?
“I think that my whole family will welcome you if you are willing to come.” Lin Dong pondered for a moment before he replied.
“You should only say these words after you’ve sorted out the emotions within your heart. Otherwise, you might ultimately feel a little imbalanced in your heart.” Ling Qingzhu smiled faintly before she said.
Lin Dong was stunned. Then, his expression changed involuntarily. He naturally understood what Ling Qingzhu was saying. She was extremely proud and even though Lin Dong wanted to bring her back to the Great Yan Empire, she wanted Lin Dong to do so willingly without any hesitation.
Ling Qingzhu looked at Lin Dong’s expression before she secretly sighed. Then, a somewhat bitter smile was formed on the corner of her red lips, which were hidden under her veil. After which, she ceased hesitating as she turned around and drifted off.
“You have already learnt the Zenith Sensing Art. Therefore, there is no reason for me to stay anymore. My Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace is still under reconstruction. As the palace master, I should not be away for long. Therefore, I’ll return to the palace first to study Reincarnation. Let’s part ways here.”
Lin Dong stared at Ling Qingzhu’s beautiful figure as she turned around. Meanwhile, he felt a little terrible in his heart. Suddenly, he clenched his teeth before he extended his arm and grabbed her delicate jade like wrist.
“You travelled all the way to the Northern Xuan Region together with me and even taught me the Zenith Sensing Art. If I simply allow you to leave like this, others will say that I, Lin Dong, am an ungrateful person.” Lin Dong frowned and said. “Regardless, you will have to go to the Great Yan Empire together with me. After that, I will personally send you back to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace. Otherwise, I will not let you go.”
Ling Qingzhu’s wrist was being grabbed by Lin Dong. Moreover, when she heard his words, she felt secretly embarrassed. 
Why is this man so overbearing?
She had always been an extremely independent and opinionated person. However, when she saw Lin Dong’s frowning face, she could only gently clench her teeth, but she was unable to pull herself away from him.
Standing beside them, when Qingtan saw their actions, she immediately curled her lips.
“Let’s go.”
Lin Dong did not wait for Ling Qingzhu to voice her objections, as he directly pulled her and headed in the direction of the Great Yan Empire. The latter struggled briefly, but Lin Dong’s metal pincer like hands remained firm. Finally, she could only give up. Then, she gently gritted her teeth before she stared at the man in front of her. This person… he was truly unreasonable. 
　　……
The capital of the Great Yan Empire.
Currently, the capital city was clearly a lot more prosperous compared to the flourishing city in the past. Moreover, the Great Yan Empire was no longer a tiny low rank empire. Forget about those super empires, because of the Lin Clan, even those super sects did not dare to act disrespectfully towards this former low rank empire.
The reason for this was common knowledge within the Eastern Xuan Region.
There was an extremely spacious manor in the northern region of this city. This was the most respected place within the entire Great Yan Empire. In fact, even the palace of the capital, which was at a short distance away, could not compete with it.
This manor was where the Lin Clan was located.
Currently, it was possible to vaguely see some statue like figures quietly seated on various vantage points around the manor. They were experts from the Tiger Devouring Army. Although Little Flame and the rest had returned to the Demon Region, they left a thousand Tiger Devouring Army troops behind to protect the Lin Clan. Therefore, with this force around, it was obvious that no one would dare to plot against the Lin Clan.
Currently, the Lin Clan enjoyed a high status within the Great Yan Empire. However, after Lin Xiao became the new tribe leader, he used some ruthless methods to clean up the clan. In fact, clansmen who abused the Lin Clan’s name and tarnished its reputation were the ones who were subjected to the harshest punishments. However, no one in the Lin Clan dared to object to Lin Xiao’s harsh methods. In fact, even those extremely experienced elders had no choice but to submit to him. This was because everyone clearly knew how the Lin Clan managed to obtain its current status...
Lin Xiao’s efforts to clean up the clan were also quite effective. As such, the Lin Clan was no longer as arrogant as before. In fact, it was rare to hear of Lin Clan members who would take advantage of their clan’s reputation to misbehave. Therefore, this allowed the reputation of the Lin Clan within the Great Yan Empire to rise stealthily.
Suddenly, a few rays of light flashed across the horizon of the capital, before they streaked across the sky. In a couple of flashes, those rays of light had already entered the capital before they headed straight towards the Lin Clan. Meanwhile, the troops from the Tiger Devouring Army, who were guarding the Lin Clan, also detected this. However, the caution on their faces quickly disappeared. Instead, a heated and reverent expression took its place as they hurriedly knelt down on one knee.
Many members of the Lin Clan were startled when they saw this scene. Promptly, wild joy surged within their eyes. After all, they knew that the only person in the Lin Clan who could command such respect from these extremely powerful individuals, was that legendary man. 
“Junior tribe leader is back!” A frantic and joyous commotion erupted within the entire Lin Clan instantly.
Lin Xiao, who was in the meeting room, had also detected the commotion within the clan. Soon after, he hurriedly led some elders and walked out. The instant they came out, they saw that several lights were flashing in the courtyard in front of the meeting room. Finally, a couple of figures appeared.
“Dong’er.”
When she saw Lin Dong, joy immediately appeared on Liu Yan’s face, who was standing behind Lin Xiao. Meanwhile, standing beside her, Lin Xiao was also full of smiles.
Lin Dong grinned at them. Then, he moved aside, revealed the girl hiding behind him.
“You… Qingtan?” Liu Yan and Lin Xiao were startled as their eyes widened immediately.
“Father, mother.”
Initially, Qingtan was still a little hesitant. However, when she saw the tears rolling down Liu Yan’s face, her eyes turned red immediately. Following which, she began to sob before she leapt into Liu Yan’s embrace.
Liu Yan hugged her carefully, before she looked at her familiar face. It has been many years since they met and her small face was no longer as immature looking as before. However, this only caused Liu Yan’s heart to ache. In fact, this heartache was even more intense compared to the one she experienced, when she thought of the hardships that Lin Dong must have suffered while he was roaming outside.
“You lass. Over all these years, you never sent us a message. Are you trying to drive us mad?!” Liu Yan hugged Qingtan tightly. After which, she involuntarily extended her hand before she violently smacked that girl’s buttocks in anger.
Qingtan moaned. Her small face was red as she wiggled in Liu Yan’s embrace. Judging by her current demeanor, in no way did she resemble that cold and stern palace master of Darkness Palace. In fact, she looked exactly like a little girl who had been caught red-handed after leaving home on her own.
“Humph, you’re finally willing to return?” Lin Xiao asked with a stern expression.
“Father, I really missed you.” Qingtan grabbed Lin Xiao’s large hand before she smilingly said.
Lin Xiao snorted and he was just about to scold her. However, when he saw the brilliant smile on her beautiful flower like face, he found himself at a loss for words. There was no telling just how much hardship this lass had suffered on the outside over the last few years. Just thinking about it made his heart ache.
“It’s good now that you are back. However, if you dare to leave home without telling us in the future, I will get your big brother to punish you!” Lin Xiao snorted. However, his tensed face slowly relaxed. Then, he extended his large and rough hand, before he rubbed Qingtan’s small head and sighed, “But… it’s good that you are back. It’s good that you are back.”
“Father, mother, sorry. I’ve learnt my lesson.” Qingtan’s eyes reddened after she heard Lin Xiao sighing in relief. She had also been through a lot over the past few years. Therefore, she knew how precious and valuable the selfless pure love from Lin Xiao and Liu Yan were. 
When Lin Dong saw his parents sighing, he gently smiled. Their family was finally reunited.
Liu Yan hugged Qingtan. Then, she suddenly spotted Ling Qingzhu, who was standing beside Lin Dong. Immediately, she was stunned. At this moment, the latter had already removed her veil and revealed her gorgeous face. Despite this, Liu Yan still managed to recognise her. Promptly, joy rose in her eyes as she quickly tugged Lin Xiao’s sleeve.
Lin Xiao finally recovered after being reminded by her. Then, he smilingly looked at Ling Qingzhu, before he coughed dryly and said, “Dong’er. Since you have brought a guest back, why didn’t you introduce us to her?”
Lin Dong was speechless. Didn’t they meet her before?
Beside him, when Ling Qingzhu saw the scene in front of her, her face became slightly flushed. In the past, when she came to visit Lin Xiao and Liu Yan, she chose to do so as Lin Dong’s friend. Therefore, none of her visits were as ambiguous as this one. Moreover, there were so many members of the Lin Clan in her surroundings staring at her.
“Junior Ling Qingzhu greets the both of you.” Ling Qingzhu bowed slightly before she said in a soft and respectful manner.
She was a lady that was so gorgeous that her looks could devastate an entire country and she had a cold demeanor. However, her rarely seen gentle and subservient demeanor caused even Lin Dong, who was standing beside her, to become somewhat absent-minded.
Unknowingly, countless Lin Clan members had scaled the walls around this courtyard. In fact, some of them even resorted to climbing the large trees outside. After which, they were all staring in shock at that absolutely gorgeous lady. In fact, many of them were salivating. Soon after, a commotion erupted.
“Wah, what a gorgeous fairy-esque lady…”
“What relationship does she have with brother Lin Dong?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Big brother Lin Dong brought her back to our Lin Clan to meet his parents. What relationship could they possibly have?”
“Big brother Lin Dong is truly skilled.”
Although the commotion occurred outside the courtyard, given Ling Qingzhu’s senses, she could naturally hear all their conversations. Soon after, her pretty face became boiling hot. Then, she clenched her teeth gently before she glared at Lin Dong, who was currently smiling in an embarrassed manner. 
“Haha, it’s actually Miss Qingzhu.”
Liu Yan smiled as she walked forward and held Ling Qingzhu. However, her eyes were continuously sweeping over the latter’s body. Meanwhile, joy and satisfaction was present in her eyes, and she could not hide it no matter how much she tried to. Hence, under her gaze, the embarrassment within Ling Qingzhu’s eyes intensified. However, she could only brace herself and face Liu Yan head-on.
Liu Yan clearly liked Ling Qingzhu a lot. Moreover, she knew that the latter had a cold and indifferent character, and did not like to be the focus of attention. Therefore, Liu Yan quickly pulled her and Qingtan back into the house. After which, countless disgruntled cries sounded from around the courtyard. This caused Lin Dong to be slightly annoyed, as he promptly scanned the place with his sharp eyes. Immediately, many figures standing on the walls of the courtyard began to shrink backwards in a miserable fashion. Following which, howls sounded from around the courtyard.





Chapter 1249: Peace
The commotion within the clan caused by Ling Qingzhu, refused to die down for a long time. In fact, everyone in that huge manor was talking about her and many members of the Lin Clan were filled with envy. Although they were merely able to catch a glimpse of her appearance, Ling Qingzhu’s absolutely gorgeous looks and her cold demeanor, was something that even shocked Lin Dong occasionally. Therefore, even less needed to be said about these young clansmen, who had little experience in the outside world.
With regards to the commotion caused by Ling Qingzhu, Lin Dong felt extremely helpless as well. In fact, he hardly had the opportunity to talk to her. That was because Liu Yan seemed to really fancy Ling Qingzhu. Therefore, after she pulled her and Qingtan into the house, there was no activity for a very long time. Clearly, they were chatting happily.
When Lin Dong saw their lineup, he decided not to interrupt. After chatting with Lin Xiao for awhile, the latter suddenly smiled before he patted his shoulders. Then, he pointed forward.
Lin Dong turned his body and looked over. Then, he saw a couple of figures quickly walking towards him. The person in front was a pretty lady and she was slightly older than Lin Dong. Meanwhile, she was rather familiar looking.
Currently, there were three men walking behind her. Although they had not met for a very long time, Lin Dong still recognised them immediately. Soon after, waves began to stir within his calm heart. 
The four of them were actually Lin Xia, Lin Hong, Lin Shan and Lin Changqiang. They were all Lin Dong’s close blood relatives and they grew up together back in Qingyang Town. Although they had some conflicts when they were young, now that he thought back of those times, he felt warmth in his heart. 
“Lin Dong!”
That pretty lady was staring at Lin Dong. When she looked at this young man, who looked a lot more mature compared to when he first left Qingyang Town, a trace of unconcealable shock flashed across her eyes. However, there was still some hesitation in her eyes. After all, they had not met for a very long time and Lin Dong was no longer that weak young man, who fought and played with them back in Qingyang Town. Forget about the Lin Clan. It was likely that there were hardly any individuals in the entire Eastern Xuan Region that was worthy of Lin Dong’s attention now. 
That young man from Qingyang Town was now an ultimate expert standing at the top of this world.
“Sister Lin Xia, it has been awhile since we last met.”
As Lin Dong looked at Lin Xia, a gentle smile appeared on his face. However, he also noticed the hesitation within the eyes of Lin Xia and the rest. Hence, he promptly smiled before he extended his arms and hugged Lin Xia. Soon after, he also hugged the Lin Hong trio. After all, he had experienced too many life and death situations. Therefore, he greatly valued these brothers and sisters, who had a direct blood relation with him.
When Lin Xia’s four man group saw what Lin Dong did, joy surged on their faces and they were no longer as restrained as before. Immediately, Lin Xia pulled Lin Dong before she spoke continuously. At this moment, she no longer looked like a menacing big sister.
The brothers Lin Hong and Lin Shan smiled directly towards Lin Dong. They had frequently caused trouble for Lin Dong when they were kids. However, they subsequently suffered quite a heavy loss in Lin Dong’s hands. Currently, they possessed a rather high status in the Lin Clan. At times, all they had to do was to speak about how they fought with Lin Dong in the past, and they would immediately receive worshipful gazes from numerous Lin Clan members.
Lin Changqiang was still as round as ever. This fellow fancied Qingtan ever since young. In the past, he frequently followed behind Lin Dong in order to look for the opportunity to talk to Qingtan. At that time, he had a pretty solid relationship with Lin Dong. 
Lin Dong and the four of them chatted and laughed. As he looked at their familiar faces, he slowly began to recall the various incidents that happened back in Qingyang Town. Now that he thought about it, even someone like Lin Dong, who had been through numerous life and death situations, still felt faint warmth surging within his heart.
Ling Qingzhu, who was chatting with Liu Yan in a room, lifted her head slightly. Her eyes looked towards the window before she coincidentally saw Lin Dong’s face. His face seemed to have regained some of his tender and youthful looks from before. Moreover, his tender and youthful looks caused her to suddenly recall the first time they met… 
“Miss Qingzhu?” Liu Yan called out softly before Ling Qingzhu quickly came to her senses. Then, she looked at Liu Yan’s eyes, which were smiling, before she blushed. Following which, she quickly said, “Please call me Qingzhu.”
Liu Yan smiled and nodded. Then, she said, “Qingzhu, Dong’er did not bully you, did he? You can tell me if he dares to bully you in the future and I will deal with him.”
When Ling Qingzhu heard her words, she felt a little dizzy and she did not know how to reply. All she could do, was to curse Lin Dong secretly in her heart.
　　……
Subsequently, Lin Dong introduced old man Fen Tian to Lin Xiao. The latter was extremely courteous when he heard the other party’s status. After all, a powerful expert like him could easily become the chief of a sect in the Eastern Xuan Region. Therefore, it was truly a blessing for the Lin Clan if such a powerful expert was willing to become their guest elder. 
Owing to his connection with Lin Dong, old man Fen Tian was also exceptionally courteous to Lin Xiao. The both of them chatted before old man Fen Tian finally agreed to temporarily stay in the Lin Clan. In any case, he knew no one else in this world. Moreover, he quite fancied the idea of staying behind and teaching some young fellows.
When he saw that they were chatting happily, Lin Dong stepped back with a smile. After which, he slowly roamed around the huge Lin Clan. Along the way, he saw many members of the Lin Clan. When they saw Lin Dong, all of their eyes became heated. This was no different even when he met the elders of Lin Clan.
When Lin Dong saw this, he smiled bitterly. Promptly, he turned around, before he found a secluded path and walked along it.
Lin Dong was walking along a rock path within the woods. Meanwhile, disjointed patches of light shone dowards and enveloped his body. This lazy and relaxed sensation caused a faint smile to appear on the corner of his lips.
It felt good to be home.
Lin Dong leapt onto a large tree. After which, he leaned and laid down lazily on a tree branch. Gently shuting both his eyes, he gradually fell asleep.
He napped for the entire afternoon. Only after the sun set, did he slowly open his eyes. Meanwhile, both his eyes were as peaceful as the deep night sky, causing one to become intoxicated by them.
The vast and mighty ocean like Mental Energy within his Niwan Palace seemed to have stealthily solidified.
Lin Dong stretched his waist, before he moved and leapt down. Just as he was about to leave, he suddenly looked into the deepest part of the woods. At that area, he could vaguely sense a Mental Energy fluctuation. Meanwhile, that fluctuation felt remotely familiar. 
“There are so many friends here.”
Lin Dong sighed softly after he detected that Mental Energy fluctuation. Then, he pondered for a moment before he walked further in. After which, he saw a lovely figure quietly seated beside a small pond within the woods.
That lovely figure was wearing a plain dress and she had a quiet and elegant demeanor. Looking from the side, she looked rather beautiful. Moreover, this face was somewhat familiar looking to Lin Dong.
Lin Ke’er. He met her back at Yan City. Furthermore, it was because of her that Lin Dong went to that old tomb, which subsequently led to that ridiculous incident between him and Ling Qingzhu.
At this moment, it seems like Lin Ke’er was in training as there were vast and mighty Mental Energy floating around her. Moreover, it seemed like she had reached the peak of the Heaven Symbol Master. If she advanced one step further, she would advance to the initial Divine Symbol Master level.
In the past, Lin Dong realized that Lin Ke’er was practising her Mental Energy. Unexpectedly, she had made good progress over the years.
Lin Dong stared at this scene. After which, he gave a faint smile before a thought passed through his mind. Following which, a wave of Mental Energy was stealthily emitted before they wrapped around Lin Ke’er’s Mental Energy.
After her Mental Energy was suddenly wrapped by Lin Dong’s, Lin Ke’er was startled. Her Mental Energy immediately whizzed in an attempt to escape. However, soon after, that mysterious Mental Energy suddenly emitted a warm ripple.
Under that warm embrace, her Mental Energy felt as though it was a fetus being nursed in a mother’s womb, as they gradually fell into a slumber. While they slept, her Mental Energy was quietly growing. Even before she realized it, her Mental Energy had broke through that obstacle that had troubled her for a long time, and she had advanced to the Divine Symbol Master level.
That warmth unknowingly disappeared, before Lin Ke’er suddenly opened her eyes. Initially, she was a little startled. After which, she quickly turned around and looked afar. There seemed to be a skinny figure gradually disappearing into the distance.
“Lin Dong…”
She gently bit her lips, appearing a little absent-minded as she looked at that man, who was departing in a free and easy manner. Promptly, the various incidents that occured many years ago began to replay in her mind. After which, she smiled gently. However, there was a bitter expression within her smile.
　　……
When Lin Dong returned to the courtyard where his room was located, he coincidentally saw Liu Yan coming out from a room. When he saw this, he quickly smiled and walked forward.
“Are they both resting?”
Liu Yan smiled and nodded. As she stared at Lin Dong, who was now a head taller than her, a pleased smile appeared on her face. After all, she still vividly remembered how that young man had worked hard in order to obtain an elixir for Lin Xiao many years ago. However, time flies. That weak young man many years ago, had now became an existence that the entire Lin Clan took pride in.
“Dong’er, Qingzhu is a nice girl and mother likes her.” Liu Yan tugged Lin Dong’s arm before she smilingly said.
Lin Dong involuntarily smiled in embarrassment when he heard this. 
“However… why didn’t you bring Ying Huanhuan back as well?” Liu Yan looked at Lin Dong and asked. “I like that girl very much too. Moreover, I can tell that she really likes you.”
Lin Dong smiled bitterly. Currently, he was racking his brains over this matter. After all, he had feelings for both Ling Qingzhu and Ying Huanhuan, and he knew how much the both of them had sacrificed for him. However, both girls were extremely proud. One of them was the palace master of the Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace, while the other was the reincarnator of the Ice Master. As such, to be able to obtain any one of them was already a great blessing. However, he was now involved with the both of them, and he did not know whether this was a blessing or a curse.
Liu Yan was someone with experience. Therefore, she immediately understood the situation when she saw Lin Dong’s expression. Covering her mouth, she laughed, “ Dong’er is really popular.”
Lin Dong was embarrassed. He helplessly said, “Mother, stop teasing me.”
“When it comes to such matters, you will have to decide for yourself. However, I like the both of them very much.” Liu Yan smilingly said. Lin Dong laughed dryly as he understood what his mother was implying. However, her current request was very difficult to fulfill.
Liu Yan looked at Lin Dong. Then, she suddenly sighed and said, “There is also Qingtan…”
“What happened to Qingtan?” Lin Dong was slightly startled.
Liu Yan’s lips moved. However, she eventually shook her head in distraught. Then, she extended her hand and pulled Lin Dong’s ear. Finally, she snapped, “Nothing much. I will go back and rest first. You should also have an early rest.”
After she spoke, she opened her stride and walked away. At the same time, she involuntarily shook her head. Her son was simply too outstanding and it reaĺly gave her a headache. Moreover, that lass Qingtan… 





Chapter 1250: Eagle Sect
Now that peace had returned again, Lin Dong’s stay in the Lin Clan lasted for rather long period of time. The majority of the past eight years had been spent out in the world. Now that such a rare chance had come for his family to be reunited, he naturally wanted to spend more time with them.
He was was aware that although the current situation seemed peaceful, countless undercurrents were flowing below the surface. The Yimo that had hidden themselves for hundreds and thousands of years were now gradually revealing themselves. No one could be certain of what they would do next. Lin Dong could faintly feel a slight sense of unease. This temporarily peace was perhaps was a precursor of the storm to come.
It was exactly because of this faint unease that Lin Dong grew increasingly reluctant to leave the atmosphere created from spending time with his family.
However, what baffled Lin Dong was that Ling Qingzhu never once mentioned returning to the Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace in advance. Yet, because of how much Liu Yan was fond of Ling Qingzhu such that they chatted everyday, Lin Dong did not dare to speak of it. Since they seemed to like it, he would let them be.
This peace lasted for several days, when Lin Dong was suddenly called out by Lin Xiao from his leisurely life.
“You want me to go to the Great Desolate Province? What for?” In the courtyard, Lin Dong was a little stunned when he heard Lin Xiao’s request and asked in a somewhat puzzled manner.
“The current Great Desolate Province is very different from the past.” Lin Xiao replied.
“Different?” Lin Dong was taken aback. The Great Desolate Province was the first training ground he had gone to after leaving Qingyang Town. Back then, it was rather chaotic and numerous factions gathered there from all over. Of course, it was also home to the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet and the ancient sect hidden within it where Lin Dong had obtained the Devouring Ancestral Symbol. Since he was heading to the Great Desolate Province, he intended to enter the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet again. Everything had begun there, and it could be said that he owed that ancient sect a tremendous debt.
He had taken many cursed Nirvana pills from that place back then, which were in the end cleansed of their curse with the help of the protector...
“Truth be told, there are two powerful factions in the current Great Yan Empire. Besides our Lin Clan, the former four great clans have basically fallen from grace.” Lin Xiao nodded and said.
“Of these two great factions, one is our Lin Clan, while the other is the Great Desolate Province’s Eagle Sect. When the Great Yan Empire was surrounded and attacked by numerous empires, the northern border was basically defended by Eagle Sect.”
“Eagle Sect?” Lin Dong was somewhat surprised. Since when had such a faction appeared?
“This Eagle Sect used to be a mere martial dojo in the Great Desolate Province. However, five years ago, this Eagle Martial Dojo suddenly rose up and unified the Great Desolate Province in a short span of a year. Moreover, from what we know, their faction even has influence in several surrounding empires. Their power is extremely astonishing.” Lin Xiao elaborated.
“Eagle Martial Dojo?”
This familiar name caused Lin Dong to blink. Subsequently, amazement appeared in his eyes. His life was truly peculiar. He never imagined that the tiny martial dojo that had needed his help back then would actually attain such astonishing achievements several years later.
“How did they suddenly become so powerful?” Lin Dong curiously asked. He clearly recalled that the Eagle Martial Dojo of the past was a rather small and weak faction in the Great Desolate Province. How could they possess the power to unify the Great Desolate Province.
“It is said that they obtained the inheritance of a sect within the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. The headquarters of the current Eagle Sect is located around the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. It surrounds and protects the tablet.” Lin Xiao laughed before continuing, “The current master of Eagle Sect should be a woman called Jiang Xue.”
“Jiang Xue…”
Lin Dong was a little dazed as distant memories rushed out from the depths of his mind. Within that dimly lighted room, a beautiful girl had slowly removed her dress, revealing that naked snow white body before him. The strong girl had been willing to give herself to him in order to obtain protection for her martial dojo…
He would never have imagined that the girl from back then would become the Eagle Sect master who had unified the Great Desolate Province. Such a change was truly amazing.
Evidently, something must have happened after he left the Great Desolate Province.
“Asking me to go over should be related to Eagle Sect?” Lin Dong inquired.
“Yes.”
Lin Xiao nodded as he frowned, “You should know a little about the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. It is rumored that a significant problem arose recently. Eagle Sect have been unable to resolve it and have seeked help from our Lin Clan. If you have time, you should make a trip there.”
“A problem with the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet?”
Lin Dong also frowned. Soon after, he nodded his head without hesitation. He owed a debt to that ancient sect within the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet, and his Devouring Ancestral Symbol had also been obtained there. In addition the Great Desolate Imprisoning Heavenly Finger he had obtained back then had helped him through countless life or death situations. Now that they had a problem, he would naturally do all he could to help.
“Swiftly go and return.”
Lin Xiao nodded his head. Lin Dong was no longer the youngster that he needed to teach from back then. With the latter’s strength, let alone this Great Yan Empire, there were not many who could stop him even in this vast world.
Lin Dong smiled and did not tarry any further. He would be travelling alone this time. Although the Great Yan Empire was extensive, with Lin Dong’s speed, he had already reached the region where the Great Desolate Province was located in an hour.
From the sky, Lin Dong lowered his head and looked down at the land as a look of tender recollection appeared in his eyes. Back then, he had walked out of Yan City and passed through numerous provinces before finally arriving at this Great Desolate Province. This place could be said to be where his training journey had began.
After checking his directions, he directly headed towards the central area of the Great Desolate Province. As he neared his destination, he was somewhat shocked to see an enormous flag fluttering in the wind within several cities. On the flag was a soaring eagle. The stern and divine look within the eagle’s eyes made anyone who looked at it feel intimidated.
Evidently, this was the flag of ‘Eagle Sect’. He just never expected that Eagle Sect would have such a solid control over the Great Desolate Province. It was likely that Eagle Sect was the true master of this Great Desolate Province, and even the royal family did not have any power here.
While these thoughts passed through Lin Dong’s mind, his body had already travelled several thousand miles. Subsequently, he started to pay a little attention as he raised his head, only to see an enormous city towering on the ancient plains to his front. In the sky above the city, he could see countless figures flying past. Such a bustling scene did not lose out to the imperial city at all.
Lin Dong peered into the distance, only to see an incomparably huge stone tablet quietly standing at the center of the city. As he gazed at this familiar stone tablet, a complicated look flitted across his eyes.
“Great Desolate Imprisoning Heavenly Finger…”
Lin Dong softly chuckled. This martial art had been his strongest trump card back then, and had helped him through countless life and death struggles. Moreover, this martial art had been obtained from within the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet.
Lin Dong’s figure transformed into a shooting star as it streaked across the sky. Several breaths later, he had already appeared before the huge stone tablet. He gazed at the stone tablet with his hands behind his back as the look of recollection in his eyes intensified.
However, this stone tablet seemed to have now become a sacred object of Eagle Sect, and ordinary people were basically prohibited from approaching. Hence, there was extremely tight security around it. The guards did not seem to have noticed Lin Dong’s initially, but as he stood there while lost in thought, they finally regained their wits. Immediately, a sharp alarm rang out as countless figures surged over from all around and tightly surrounded Lin Dong in a manner that even water would be unable to pass through.
While Lin Dong appeared before the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet, a tall and slim woman in a light yellow dress stood on a certain tall building within the city. She possessed rather beautiful features, however she had the dignified look of one with high status. Currently, she was holding a cup of tea as she silently gazed into the distance, and seemed to be somewhat lost in thought.
“*Cough*.”
A soft cough was suddenly transmitted from behind her. The woman was taken aback as she tilted her head, only to see a grizzled hair middle aged man standing behind her. She gently smiled and said, “Father.”
The middle aged man walked forward. He gazed at the magnificent city before their eyes as he deeply sighed and replied, “Xue’er is really capable. In a short few years, you made our tiny martial dojo into the ruler of this Great Desolate Province.”
“I’m merely continuing the good work of my predecessor.” The woman shook her head slightly and said.
The middle aged man felt a slight heartache as he looked at her. He bitterly laughed and said, “However, a lass like you is no longer young. When will you start worrying about your own matters. There are countless outstanding youngsters in the Great Yan Empire who love and adore you. Are none of them able to enter your eyes?”
This pretty woman was the Eagle Martial Dojo’s Jiang Xue from back then, while this middle aged man was her father, Jiang Lei.
Jiang Xue gently sipped a mouthful of tea, before she faintly smiled and replied, “This matter is not urgent.”
“Not urgent… from what I can tell, your heart has likely long been given to someone right?” Jiang Lei bitterly smiled and said.
The jadelike hand holding the cup of tea gently trembled as Jiang Xue lifted her head and smiled a little, “Father, what are you saying?”
“Do you truly believe that father does not know what you did that night back then in Lin Dong’s room?” Jiang Lei sighed and said.
Jiang Xue’s jadelike face instantly turned crimson. Red faced, she looked at Jiang Xue and seemed to have lost her previous wittiness for a time, “Father, you… how do you know?”
Jiang Lei gazed at this rarely seen bashfulness of hers as the bitter smile on his face grew even more bitter, “You should have heard of the news too right? Lin Dong has appeared in the imperial city. The current him is no longer the young man that needed us to lead him out of mist forest…” 
Jiang Xue gently bit her lips. Soon after, she laughed softly and said, “The fact that he has such accomplishments is not surprising at all. He is after all an eagle that soars in the nine heavens… I’m afraid that he has long since forgotten me, but so what? It will be better if I am the only one that remembers.”
“You silly girl.” Jiang Lei was greatly moved yet made speechless by her words and could only helplessly shake his head.
“Wuu!”
While the two were talking, an urgent alarm suddenly rang out in the sky above the city, causing the two’s expressions to immediately change. Quickly, the sounds of wind could be heard, “Sect master, someone has infiltrated the restricted area and is now standing before the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet!”
Upon hearing this, Jiang Xue’s pretty face immediately turned frosty. Her figure moved and flew towards the direction of the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet like lightning. At the same time, her icy shout echoed in the entire city, “Eagle Sect disciples hear my command, seal the city and activate the formation!”
The sky and ground at the center of the city was filled with a sea of people. Stern gazes locked onto the thin figure before the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet one by one. When the command arrived, they would attack together and blast him into a bloody pulp.
However, in response to their encirclement, the figure before the stone tablet remained motionless. He silently gazed at the ancient stone tablet with his hands behind his back.
Swish.
“Sect master!”
A wind sound was swiftly transmitted from the distance as a beautiful figure appeared within those countless gazes. Immediately, earthshaking respectful shouts rang out.
Jiang Xue’s pretty face was ice-cold. She gently waved her jadelike hand as her eyes looked towards the thin figure before the stone tablet. Her long and shapely eyebrows furrowed as she spoke, “May I know who this esteemed one is? Why have you broken into the restricted area of my Eagle Sect?!”
Upon hearing her voice, the figure finally faintly trembled, before slowly turning around. As he looked towards Jiang Xue, a gentle smile surfaced on his face.
“It has been a long time miss Jiang Xue, I trust that you have been well since our last meeting.”
Jiang Xue’s lovely body gradually stiffened at this moment as she gazed at the vaguely familiar outline of that young face. The surrounding Eagle Sect disciples watched in astonishment as their normally stern and respectfully cold sect master actually became dumbstruck at this moment.





Chapter 1251: Old Friend
“You… you are Lin Dong?” Jiang Xue’s lovely body was rigid as she gazed at the smiling young face in a dazed manner. The jadelike hands within her sleeves slowly clenched tightly as a faintly trembling voice was spit out from her red lips in a somewhat difficult manner.
“Lin Dong?”
Her voice was not loud, but it was still heard by some of the nearby Eagle Sect disciples. Quickly after, their bodies violently jerked as they stared the young man before them in shock. This was a name that every person in the current Great Yan Empire knew.
Was the person before them the legendary Lin Dong who had annihilated the most powerful super sect in the Eastern Xuan Region?
Lin Dong looked at Jiang Xue’s expression as he softly chuckled and nodded his head. The gaze with which he looked at her was somewhat peculiar. Many years ago, Jiang Xue was merely a strong girl whose only wish was to protect Eagle Martial Dojo. However, he never imagined that she would become the sect master of Eagle Sect years later. Looks like he was not the only who had lucky encounters with fate.
Jiang Xue finally gradually regained her wits. She looked deeply at Lin Dong as she gently waved her jadelike hand, dispersing the huge group of Eagle Sect troops in the sky. She lightly stepped forward, walking to Lin Dong’s side and said, “I never imagined that I will be able to see you again.”
Lin Dong looked at her. The complicated feelings in the latter’s eyes caused him to have a somewhat indescribable feeling, however, he still smiled and replied, “I too never imagined that after several years, your Eagle Martial Dojo would become the illustrious Eagle Sect of the Great Yan Empire. Truly an achievement.”
“This small achievement is likely unable to enter your eyes right?” Jiang Xue said in a soft and bitter voice. Although the development of Eagle Sect was nothing to scoff at, it was still far from comparable to those super sects. Moreover, the strongest super sect in the Eastern Xuan Region had been annihilated by Lin Dong. What was a tiny Eagle Sect in the face of such power.
Lin Dong could only dryly laugh twice in response to Jiang Xue’s somewhat bitter tone, unable to come up with a response.
“Haha, Lin Dong is it really you?” Hearty laughter was suddenly heard from behind. A grizzled hair middle aged man had flown over. Extreme happiness filled his face as he looked at Lin Dong.
“Heh, uncle Jiang Lei.” Lin Dong gazed at the vaguely familiar face of the middle aged man as a smile also appeared on his face. He respectfully cupped his fist together and greeted the latter.
Jiang Lei joyfully stared at Lin Dong with eyes tinged with a little emotion. The latter was now a legendary figure in this Eastern Xuan Region, and those who wanted to create friendly relations with him were numerous and many. However, who would have imagined that this legendary figure had represented their Eagle Martial Dojo in battle many years before...
“Given your current status, I’m afraid that you’ve long forgotten people like us right?” When Jiang Xue saw how familiar Lin Dong was being with Jiang Lei that he did not give herself much attention, she gently bit her red lips and said in a somewhat resentful manner.
Jiang Lei helplessly cast a glance at Jiang Xue. This lass had always been rigorous when she took charge the Eagle Sect’s major affairs. Why had she now become so similar to her previous self from many years before?
“Miss Jiang Xue is teasing me. If you did not lead me out of the mist forest back then, I will perhaps have long become food for the wolves.” Lin Dong forced a smile. He did not know where Jiang Xue’s resentment originated from. Could it be because of that night back then?
When he thought of this, his gaze suddenly swept across Jiang Xue exquisite and fine figure as awkwardness involuntarily surfaced in his eyes. It was likely that any woman would become resentful from being rejected after voluntarily offering her body...
Although it was a mere quick sweep of his eyes, the current Jiang Xue was after all not the girl from back then who needed to beg for his help. Her sharp gaze was instantly detected his. Immediately, her pretty face flushed red as she glared at Lin Dong in embarrassment.
“*Cough*... I’ve returned because my father received your request for aid. Hence, I’m here to see exactly what is wrong with the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet.” Lin Dong withdrew his gaze. Soon after, he asked in a somewhat puzzled manner, “Other than that, is there some relation between you and the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet?”
Jiang Lei smiled as he nodded his head and replied, “After you, Xue’er also entered the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet and was acknowledged by the tablet spirit, hence obtaining the inheritance of that ancient sect. In the end, we established Eagle Sect to protect the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet.”
Lin Dong could not help but be astonished as he looked at Jiang Xue. He had also come into contact with that Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet spirit before, yet he had only obtained the Great Desolate Imprisoning Heavenly Finger. As for the sect inheritance, it was beyond him. He never imagined that Jiang Xue was actually so awesome…
“Tell me about the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet’s problem.” Lin Dong pointed at the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet and said.
Once they started talking about proper matters, Jiang Xue’s umber black brows slightly furrowed, “The domain within the current Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet is somewhat different from the past… do you know of the protector within the tablet?”
Lin Dong nodded his head. Back then, he had desperate fled from the protector. However, he owed the protector a debt due to the cursed Nirvana pills.
“You should know that the Great Desolate Sect was attacked by the Yimo in the far past, and a great earth shattering battle had occurred here. In the end, the sect was destroyed, but the Yimo also suffered substantial losses, resulting in the existence of Demonic Qi deep within the land. Over the past few years, this Demonic Qi has gradually emerged.”
“As expected, it is because of the Demonic Qi.”
Lin Dong gently sighed. He had sensed it when he arrived but he did not expect that it would be his old foes. The current him was able to imagine that what had happened to the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet back then was likely due to the Devouring Ancestral Symbol. The same thing that had happened to the thunder cave dwelling which had been attacked by the Yimo.
“The remnant wills of numerous Great Desolate Sect elders were left within the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. Over the years, the protector gradually absorbed these wills, causing some changes to occur. These changes were initially positive, but as Demonic Qi gushed out from the land, the protector was gradually invaded by it. However, his tenacity and willpower is matchless. Thus, even after being corroded by this Demonic Qi, he refused to hurt anything within the Great Desolate Sect and could only howl miserably everyday…” At this point, Jiang Xue softly sighed.
Lin Dong’s expression was somewhat dark. He rather admired this Great Desolate Sect protector. Even after death and the fading of his Dao, he had continued to rely on the feelings of wanting to protect his sect, transforming into what he had become today in order to protect the sect forever. Such dedication had caused respect to be born in Lin Dong’s heart. He never imagined that the Demonic Qi would cause such harm to the protector.
“We do not know why but the Demonic Qi within the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet has grown increasingly over the past few years. It seems to be on the verge of charging out of the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet.” Jiang Xue said.
Lin Dong’s eyes slightly hardened. If this Demonic Qi was to charge out of the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet, all life in this Great Desolate Province would be wiped out.
“We have tried various methods but were unable to seal up this Demonic Qi in the end. Later on, something happened just as the Demonic Qi was about to burst forth.” At this point, Jiang Xue and Jiang Lei’s expression turned somewhat complicated.
“What happened?” Lin Dong was rather puzzled as he probed.
“The Demonic Qi that charged out was neutralised by Yinyin…” Jiang Xue mumbled.
“Yinyin?” Lin Dong was taken aback. An extremely adorable little girl blinking her large eyes appeared in his mind. She was actually able to neutralise Demonic Qi?
“Yes, we do not really know how it works, but being able to deal with this problem is naturally a good thing. Subsequently, we arranged for Yinyin to stay in the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. It might be strange for me to say this, but with her within the the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet, the Demonic Qi was gradually neutralised. However it very quickly gushed out again. In this way, they formed a deadlock of sorts which has lasted till now…”
Lin Dong’s eyes were full of astonishment. He understood how difficult it was to deal with Demonic Qi. Yinyin was just a little girl who had not even cultivated. How could she possess a suppressive effect on Demonic Qi?
“Looks like there should be something causing mischief inside this Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet.” Lin Dong faintly smiled. He had encountered the Yimo far too many times, hence, he could tell with a single glance that there must be something hidden within this Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet.
Jiang Xue nodded her head. She had a faint feeling that this was the case, but was unable to be sure.
“Open the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. We will know once we enter and take a look.” Lin Dong waved his hand and said.
With him around, Jiang Xue was clearly less worried. Without any hesitation, she gently waved her jadelike hand as a radiance erupted from the Great Wastelands Ancient Tablet. It wrapped around the two of them and brought them into the tablet. When the light faded, the two of them had disappeared.
When Lin Dong cracked open his eyes, the scene before them had already changed. It was still the same barren domain. Countless ruins could be seen, evidence that this was once a flourishing land.
Lin Dong’s gaze scanned the area and saw the traces of black aura that continuously emerged from under the ground. Immediately, his eyes faintly narrowed.
Roar!
While Lin Dong was observing the land, a miserable howl was suddenly heard in the distance. It was a howl filled with both pain and rage.
It was that protector.
Lin Dong’s brows faintly furrowed. With a wave of his sleeve, he and Jiang Xue rushed towards the direction of the howl. In a short few minutes, they saw a lonely peak where a black figure was kneeling on one knee as it unceasingly howled at the sky. Thick Demonic Qi continuously emerged from within its body.
Behind the black figure was a boulder where a little girl wearing a yellow dress was somewhat helplessly seated. Her little snow white legs swayed as light emanated from her body, enveloping the black figure while continuously purifying the Demonic Qi from its body.
“Yinyin.” Jiang Xue gazed at the little girl and immediately waved her hand.
“Elder sister!”
The little girl was pleasantly surprised as she lifted her head. Her large eyes saw the incoming Jiang Xue and her tiny body immediately leaped forward, directly pouncing towards Jiang Xue. The latter hastily caught her and smiled a little as her slender jadelike fingers pointed to the figure behind her, “Look who it is.”
The little girl followed the finger and saw a gently smiling Lin Dong. A pondering look flashed across those large eyes, before joy immediately surged onto that tiny face.
“Big brother?”
Lin Dong heard the young and tender voice that was exactly the same as back then, before looking at the Yinyin who had maintained the same appearance even after so many years. Although he was puzzled, he still smiled and nodded his head.
While he nodded his head, the little girl had already happily run towards him. Her large jet-black eyes were filled with happiness. A gentle breeze blew past, blowing away the hair in front of her forehead and Lin Dong saw an unusual and almost undetectable symbol. Immediately, his body violently jolted.
That is… a Reincarnation Seal?
This Yinyin was also a reincarnator?!





Chapter 1252: Devil in the Tablet
Astonishment filled Lin Dong’s eyes as he gazed at the Reincarnation Seal on Yinyin’s bright forehead in shock. Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined that this little girl whom he had known many years ago would actually be… a reincarnator?!
“What is it?” Jiang Xue had also noticed the look in Lin Dong’s eyes and immediately asked.
Lin Dong reached out and gently rubbed Yinyin’s little head as a pure and innocent smile appeared on the latter’s little face. She clearly had a rather deep impression of Lin Dong and had still managed to recognise him even after so many years.
“Has she been like this all these years?”
Lin Dong asked. He had met Yinyin roughly eight years ago. However, she already had the appearance of a twelve year old little girl back then. Yet, after so many years had passed, this appearance of hers did not seem to have changed at all. Even the innocence in her eyes was exactly the same as it had been back then.
Jiang Xue bitterly smiled as she nodded her head. She gazed at Jiang Yinyin and sighed, “I do not know what is going on, but she has indeed never changed over the years. Moreover, I can faintly sense something extraordinary from her…”
Lin Dong smiled at Yinyin, before letting her head to the mountain peak first to wait for them. Only then did he reply Jiang Xue, “She is a reincarnator.”
“Reincarnator? Doesn’t that mean… that Yinyin will be taken over by another set of memories in future?” Upon hearing this, the expression on Jiang Xue’s pretty face changed a little. Evidently, she had heard of some rumours regarding the reincarnators.
Lin Dong shook his head, “This will depend on who her previous reincarnation was…”
Logically speaking, if it was a Reincarnation stage expert that had failed the first or second Reincarnation Tribulation and entered the cycle of Reincarnation, it was likely that the current reincarnation will be dominant. However, if it was a terrifying existence like the Ice Master, the main personality in charge of the body in future would truly be hard to determine.
“Do you know who her previous reincarnation is?” Jiang Xue 
Lin Dong shook his head again. Normally speaking, as long as one’s Yuan Spirit was not completely wiped out and had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation, one would be able to utilise the power of Reincarnation to enter the cycle of Reincarnation. Of course, even if one entered the cycle of Reincarnation, there was still some risk of being destroyed. Hence, most pinnacle practitioners would not choose this path unless there was really no other option left.
In ancient times, there were few pinnacle experts who had advanced to this level. Thus, even Lin Dong could not glean much information from just this Reincarnation Seal alone. However, if it was a Reincarnation expert who had only passed one or two Reincarnation Tribulations, it would instead be a good thing for Yinyin.
Lin Dong had now landed on the mountain peak. Subsequently, his gaze shifted towards the black figure wrapped in Demonic Qi. There was clearly a huge change in his appearance compared to back then. In the past, he only had a body of bones, but flesh had now grown on them. Although he was still thin, he had a human appearance. Moreover, what astonished Lin Dong the most was the countless remnant wills gathering within his eyes. However, no matter how messy and numerous those wills were, they all had one similarity. To… protect.
“Over the years, the remnant wills drifting in this domain fused into his body. He has now become rather unique, no one knows exactly what he has become…” Jiang Xue softly said.
Lin Dong nodded his head slightly. Looks like the ability of the Great Desolate Sect to gather together was extremely strong. Even after thousands of years, the wills of these dead disciples still wanted to protect their sect.
The protector before their eyes seemed to be the combined product of these wills.
Lin Dong softly sighed in his heart. Such a feeling was similar to his time in Dao Sect. It was likely that if Dao Sect was destroyed, the will of countless Dao Sect disciples wanting to protect the sect would remain in the land.
“Roar!”
At this moment, the black figure seemed to be in extreme pain. His fists heavily smashed onto his chests as he kneeled on the ground. However, those blank eyes that watched this domain were filled with extreme fondness.
“Hey, big guy, how are you doing?” When Yinyin saw the extreme pain the black figure was in, she hastily asked.
Light continuously drifted out from within her body before enveloping the black figure, unceasingly purifying the Demonic Qi in his body.
Lin Dong’s brows tightly knitted together as he watched the suffering protector. Soon after, he clenched his fist and endless lightning bolts suddenly emerged from his hand. The lightning was filled with extremely berserk and pure energy.
Swish.
The lightning gathered together to form a lightning ball which directly charged into the protector’s body. Quickly, sparks cackled out from his body as the Demonic Qi was completely annihilated.
As the Demonic Qi receded, the pain and blankness in the protector’s eyes gradually vanished. Some chaotic semblance of a consciousness once again gathered in his eyes. In the end, he deeply bowed to Lin Dong.
Lin Dong waved his sleeve, stopping the protector, “Back then, I received your help in removing the curse from the Nirvana pills, this debt has now been repaid.”
Although the protector had some semblance of a conscience, it clearly did not amount to much. It was likely that he did not remember what he had done back then. After all, the he was now merely an accumulation of numerous wills. Unlike a human and yet not a corpse. Also a completely different state than the zombie old man Fen Tian.
Lin Dong understood the protector’s condition, hence, he did not elaborate any further. He merely turned his sinisterly cold gaze towards the land below, where strands of Demonic Qi were rising, as he icily chuckled, “The richness of Demonic Qi in his body is not without origin. Relying on Yinyin to suppress it is not a long term plan.”
“To remove weeds, one must destroy the roots. If we want to solve this problem, we will have to deal with the thing hidden under this land.”
This was where he had obtained the Devouring Ancestral Symbol, and it was also the reason for his achievements till this day. Therefore, it could be said that he owed a great debt of gratitude to this Great Desolate Sect. Now that he knew that even their long dead wills were unable to rest in peace, a trace of cold anger rose within his heart.
“Protect Yinyin.”
Lin Dong said to Jiang Xue and the latter nodded her head. She moved to Yinyin’s side and pulled her away.
“I’m interested to see exactly what is causing mischief here.”
Lin Dong coldly snorted as the thunder clouds in the sky rapidly gathered. Countless bolts of lightning flickered and covered the entire domain.
Rumble!
Countless lightning bolts maniacally poured downwards, falling onto the land below. Berserk and pure energy spread as the originally present Demonic Qi was swept away by the lightning at an astonishing speed.
However, even after clearing the Demonic Qi, there seemed to be no response from the land below.
“Truly tenacious!”
Lin Dong sneered as his finger thrust forward. A hundred thousand feet large lightning dragon bared its fangs as it shot dowards, viciously blasting the land below.
Bang!
The entire domain seemed to tremble at this moment, and an incomparably enormous and deep chasm was torn open on the land. The depths of the chasm was dark without equal, and it appeared as if a matchless evil was surging within it.
Lin Dong’s expression was ice cold. He once again thrust his finger forward as countless thunderbolts turned, seemingly covering the sky as they bombarded the land.
Swish!
This time, there was finally some response from the depths of the land. Lin Dong watched as evil Demonic Qi that seemingly covered the sky gushed out from the depths of the land like a devil dragon. As the Demonic Qi spread, it completely blocked the incomparably berserk lightning.
“Finally unable to endure? Then come out!”
When Lin Dong saw that there was finally a response from the Yimo hiding within the darkness, lightning surfaced in his pupils. He lifted his hand as the thunder clouds in the sky frantically surged, while countless thunderbolts gathered within them.
The thunder clouds slowly scattered, but the moment they scattered, a ten thousand feet large lightning sun was revealed. Terrifying lightning rippled as thunder rumbled and echoed into the distance, causing the entire domain to tremble slightly.
“Go.”
Lin Dong’s eyes were indifferent. His finger shifted downwards as the lightning sun immediately descended and galloped towards the depths of the abyss. Lightning flickered wherever it passed and seemed to scorch even space itself.
“Humph!”
As the lightning sun crazily fell, a gloomy and cold to the extreme voice emerged from the depths of the abyss. Soon after, endless Demonic Qi gushed out, transforming into a hundred thousand feet large Demonic Qi light disc.
Boom!
The lightning sun slammed into the Demonic Qi light disc, and two frightening to the extreme energies exploded. The already enormous abyss was once again forcibly torn open as giant gorges covered the land like a spider web.
Resplendent lightning frantically flickered.
Crack.
Cracks finally appeared on the Demonic Qi light disc, and with a final bang, it completely shattered. However, when the Demonic Qi light disc exploded, a gigantic devil hand extended from the abyss and blew away the lightning sun with a punch.
Bang bang!
Although the lightning sun had been scattered, berserk lightning energy caused the devil hand to be covered in cuts and bruises. The Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol’s power was wild and violent at its core and possessed a offensive power that was without equal. Since this fellow dared to face such a power head on, he would naturally suffer.
“You’ve actually obtained the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol?!”
Such a head on clash caused a gloomy and cold voice to emerge from the bottom of the abyss. Soon after, torrential Demonic Qi surged out of the abyss as a figure slowly walked out from within.
Lin Dong watched the swirling Demonic Qi as the figure became clearer and clearer. In the end, it finally walked out from the black mists. It wore a strange expression on its pale and handsome face while a cold chuckle rang out.
“The previous Devouring Ancestral Symbol controller died at this king’s hands. I never imagined that the current Devouring Ancestral Symbol and Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol controller will also die at this king’s hands today. Looks like this king is truly the nemesis of people like you.”





Chapter 1253: Ninth Seat King
With a calm expression on his face, Lin Dong stared at that devil figure, who was slowly walking out from within the demonic aura. However, when he sensed the frightening demonic aura surging from the latter’s body, both his pupils hardened.
“May I know which Seat King of the Devil Prison are you?” Lin Dong asked in a faint voice. It was likely that only those ten fellows were qualified to hold the title Seat King in the Devil Prison. However, Lin Dong did not know the exact position held by the person standing in front of him.
“It seems like you have a pretty decent understanding of my Devil Prison. Over the years, they must have created a commotion in the outside world. Haha, by my estimates, it’s about time.” That devil figure was slightly shocked after he heard Lin Dong’s words. Promptly, he continued, “This king is ranked ninth in the Devil Prison.”
“Ninth Seat King huh.”
Lin Dong did not reveal any surprise in his eyes. Although this person had a frightening demonic aura, at his peak, he was most likely as powerful as the Seventh Seat King. Moreover, from the looks of it, it seems like he had suffered extremely severe injuries and had yet to make a complete recovery. Therefore, based on Lin Dong’s estimates, the strength of the current Ninth Seat King was barely comparable to an expert who had passed two Reincarnation Tribulations. Strictly speaking, he was inferior to the Seventh Seat King, whom Lin Dong had fought with before.
“You must be the one who led the invasion of the Great Desolate Sect back then, am I right?”
Upon hearing this, the Ninth Seat King smirked before he said, “The Great Desolate Sect was indeed destroyed by me. Moreover, the previous owner of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol was also killed by me.”
“Roar!”
After he spoke, standing on the mountain peak, the protector suddenly released a stern cry. Immediately, wild and violent energy waves swept forward, before he actually charged directly towards the Ninth Seat King. Meanwhile, his roar contained hatred that was brewing for several millennia.
When Jiang Xue saw this, she quickly circulated the Yuan Power within her body and tried to stop him. After all, how could the latter possibly be a match for the Ninth Seat King with his current strength?
“It seems like I missed someone… however, it looks like he is currently suffering a fate worse than death.” The Ninth Seat King glanced at the protector indifferently. Promptly, a vicious expression quickly rose within his eyes as he said, “However, your Great Desolate Sect was indeed quite capable. Although your sect was ultimately destroyed by this king, your sect killed all my subordinates and that old bastard even risked his life and sealed me beneath the ground.”
Lin Dong chuckled and said, “It seems like you gradually broke free of that seal. Moreover, you allowed the demonic aura to seep out in order to alert the Devil Prison, and tell them your exact whereabouts, am I right?”
The Ninth Seat King’s pupils shrunk. Promptly, he chuckled nonchalantly. 
“Unfortunately, you are one unlucky fellow.” A tinge of ridicule flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes. It was likely that the Ninth Seat King never thought that his demonic aura would be completely purified by Yinyin even before they could escape. Furthermore, she had now entered this realm and suppressed the demonic aura within, preventing him from making a complete recovery.
“That darned girl!”
A brutal expression suddenly emerged within the Ninth Seat King’s eyes. Then, he glared menacingly at that little girl, who was standing on the mountain peak. His vicious expression gave her a fright, as she immediately hid behind Jiang Xue. Then, she only exposed one large black eye, before she secretly peeped at the Ninth Seat King.
“From the looks of it, you have yet to recover from your injuries. This looks like a good opportunity for me.”
Lin Dong looked at the Ninth Seat King with a smile. Meanwhile, rich killing desire was flowing with his dark black eyes. After all, he clearly knew how powerful the Devil Prison was and these Seat Kings all possessed frightening strength. With his current strength, it would be extremely troublesome if he met any of the Seat Kings. However, the Ninth Seat King was an exception. He had been sealed for thousands of years by the previous owner of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol, and had yet to fully recover his strength. Therefore, if Lin Dong could finish off the Ninth Seat King today, it would be quite a heavy blow to the Devil Prison.
“You want to kill this king? I’m afraid that you aren’t qualified!”
The Ninth Seat King laughed out loud in a stern voice. Although he had detected the two Ancestral Symbols within Lin Dong’s body, the latter had yet to advance to the Reincarnation stage. Moreover, even though the Ninth Seat King had not made a complete recovery, even an expert who had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation could not hope to defeat him. Hence, even less needed to be said about Lin Dong.
Lin Dong remained emotionless. Meanwhile, monstrous Yuan Power filled with rich killing intent swept forward. After all, he knew the status that a Seat King held in the Devil Prison. If the Ninth Seat King was allowed to escape, he would undoubtedly become a serious threat in the future. Therefore, regardless of what happens, Lin Dong must kill him today!
“Bang!”
However, while killing intent was flowing within Lin Dong’s eyes, killing intent had also erupted within the Ninth Seat King’s eyes. Then, he suddenly stomped his foot before demonic aura began to charge out from beneath the ground. Finally, countless devil corpses climbed out from beneath the ground before they charged towards Lin Dong ruthlessly. 
“You are the almighty Ninth Seat King of the Devil Prison. Why are you using your subordinates as cannon fodder?”
Lin Dong chuckled when he saw this. Then, he clenched his hand before a ten thousand feet large black hole appeared. After which, Devouring Power surged and completely devoured those devil corpses.
Bang!
The Ninth Seat King smirked. Then, he clenched his hand before the countless devil corpses actually piled together. Finally, their bodies were eroded before they turned into a huge black bone sword. Meanwhile, evil demonic aura continuously surged from it.
The Ninth Seat King was holding that black bone sword in his hand. Then, his body moved before he appeared above Lin Dong in a phantom like fashion. After which, his bone sword was accompanied by evil demonic aura as it penetrated through space and ruthlessly pierced towards the top of Lin Dong’s head.
“Swoosh!”
However, just as the bone sword was about to hit Lin Dong, a thunderbolt suddenly came crashing downward. Finally, it slammed heavily against that bone sword. Immediately, sparks flew before the surrounding space became distorted.
“Devil Corpse Lightning!”
When the Ninth Seat King saw that his attack was blocked, he did not panic. Instead, he chuckled, before the bone sword in his hand immediately blew apart and turned into dozens of black lightning glows. Finally, they charged crazily towards Lin Dong.
Those lightning glows were filled with endless evil and there was even a disgusting stench being emitted from them. In fact, it was likely that even a Reincarnation stage expert would be eroded and seriously injured if he made contact with them.
“Scram!”
However, up against those evil lightning glows, Lin Dong was not fearful at all. He clenched his hand before an ancient thunderbolt shaped symbol, slowly appeared on his palm. After which, he threw a punch forward and directly smashed those devilic lightning glows.
Bang bang bang!
Pure and vigorous thunderbolt force raged before they went on a rampage. It turns out that they did not fear those evil devilic lightning glows at all. Everywhere those thunderbolt force spread, those devilic lightning glows were just like snow that was exposed to the hot sun, as they disappeared completely.
Meanwhile, the Ninth Seat King’s eyes sunk slightly, after he saw that his devilic lightning glows were completely ineffective. After all, Lin Dong had two Ancestral Symbols and the power of those symbols were extremely effective against his demonic aura. 
Lin Dong completely ignored him. He braced his attention before his entire arm once again turned into liquid form. Following which, he quickly gathered the strength of his two great Ancestral Symbols.
Bang!
His arm, which looked as though there were countless ancient symbols floating within, whizzed forward before it ruthlessly smashed towards the Ninth Seat King.
The Ninth Seat King’s expression changed gently when he saw Lin Dong’s liquidized arm. After which, his hand seal quickly changed, before demonic light began to gather on his body. Subsequently, a fearsome looking devil armor revealed itself.
Boom!
Lin Dong’s palm attack, which contained the strength of two great Ancestral Symbols, smashed heavily against the devil armor of the Ninth Seat King. Immediately, a low and deep sound appeared. However, that powerful attack, which could instantly kill a Yimo king, merely left a faint scratch on that devil armor.
“Devil Emperor Armor?” When Lin Dong felt the resistive force being reflected through his arm and saw that familiar looking fearsome armor on the body of the Ninth Seat King, he chuckled. 
“It seems like you are quite a knowledgeable brat.” The Ninth Seat King laughed coldly.
Lin Dong frowned. He had already experienced firsthand how powerful the Devil Emperor Armor was after he fought with the Seventh Seat King. After all, that item was gifted to them by the Yimo Emperor. Moreover, the reason why those guys were so hard to kill was because they were protected by this item. 
With the Devil Emperor Armor protecting him, the Ninth Seat King’s eyes once again turned brutal. Following which, with a monstrous amount of demonic aura on his hand, he charged ruthlessly towards Lin Dong. At this moment, the latter had also completely unleashed his Mental Energy and his Yuan Power. Together with the strength of his two great Ancestral Symbols, it turns out that the Ninth Seat King was actually unable to obtain the upper hand.
Typically speaking, Lin Dong could at most match up to an expert who had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation. However, if he met someone like the Seventh Seat King, who had passed two Reincarnation Tribulations and possessed the Devil Emperor Armor, he would definitely wound up in a disadvantage. However, the Ninth Seat King in front of him had yet to recover from his injuries. Moreover, his actual strength was lacking compared to the Seventh Seat King. This was the reason why Lin Dong was able to fight equally with him.
Two glowing figures whistled across the sky. Each time they clashed, the surrounding space would become horribly distorted. Meanwhile, monstrous demonic aura and Yuan Power clashed, and it was a frightening sight to behold.
Jiang Xue was staring solemnly at the fight in the sky, while she secretly rejoiced. Thankfully, Lin Dong had arrived in time. Otherwise, who could have stopped the Ninth Seat King?
“Haha, little fellow, I will admit that you are quite powerful. However, you are ultimately unable to hurt me. Therefore, what can you do if I drag it on like this? From the way I see it, you should let me leave first and keep the peace here. We can settle this grudge in the future. What do you say?!” The Ninth Seat King clashed with Lin Dong once again. However, when he realized that he could not obtain the upper hand, he rotated his eyes and laughed out loud.
“Do you really think that I will do something as stupid as letting a potential threat go?” Lin Dong chuckled. If he allowed the Ninth Seat King to escape, the latter would definitely become a great threat in the future.
“Alright then. Let’s see who can last till the end!” A ferocious expression flashed across the eyes of the Ninth Seat King before he laughed.
Lin Dong was standing in the sky. Meanwhile, his eyes were icy cold as he stared at the Ninth Seat King. At the same time, there was also a maniacal glint glimmering within his eyes. With his current strength, the only way for him to seriously injure the Ninth Seat King would be to use the lightning bow and black arrow. However, that attack took a heavy toll on him. Therefore, if that attack failed to kill the Ninth Seat King, he would be in for a headache.
“I can’t care about this now.”
Lin Dong was a decisive man. Furthermore, he had the confidence that after he unleashed that attack, even if he could not kill the Ninth Seat King, he would be able to seriously injure the latter. At that time, he could simply use some other techniques to suppress the latter.
A thought passed through Lin Dong’s mind. Without further ado, he clenched his hand before a lightning bow appeared. Then, his fingers drew back the bowstring while a black arrow quietly formed.
The only thing he could see now was the Ninth Seat King. Meanwhile, killing intent surged deep within his eyes. He must kill that devil today!”
Monstrous killing desire spread from within his body. He had made up his mind and nothing could change it. 
When Lin Dong’s killing desire soared to its peak, the protector standing on the mountain peak seemed to have realized it as well. Immediately, a roar sounded. Moreover, that roar seemed to be filled with endless gratitude.
Hum hum.
After he roared, countless lights suddenly erupted from within the protector’s body. After which, those lights floated in the sky. When Lin Dong’s eyes swept across them, his pupils shrunk gently.
There was an elderly figure within the light right at the front. Meanwhile, that elderly man was wearing black robes and his eyes were as dark as ink. He was in fact that black eyed elder, who passed him the Devouring Ancestral Symbol back then!





Chapter 1254: Kill
Lin Dong was a little startled as he looked at that black eyed elder within the light. He naturally recognised the latter. Back then, he obtained the Devouring Ancestral Symbol from the latter.
Moreover, that elder was the previous owner of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol.
“Elder…”
Lin Dong surveyed his surroundings. Promptly, he saw that there was a figure seated within each of the countless lights, that were surrounding him. Then, he came to a sudden realization. These were the wills left behind by numerous Great Desolate Sect experts. Moreover, even though they had died and disappeared, they still stubbornly wished to protect their sect.
“You stupid old ghost!”
When the Ninth Seat King saw this scene, his expression changed immediately. Then, he stared viciously at that black eyed elder before he said, “You sealed me for a few millennia. However, did you think that you could kill me just like that?”
“Haha, I am still alive even after a few millennia. However, you have already turned into dust. Who do you think has won?!”
The black eyed elder looked at the Ninth Seat King, who was laughing hysterically, before a faint smile appeared on his face. After which, he stood up before he slowly bowed towards Lin Dong.
Immediately, the countless light figures beside him also bowed together.
“We are all willing to help you to slay that devil.”
An ancient voice spread across the sky. Subsequently, a hundred thousand feet wide light glow erupted from within their bodies. Amidst that light glow, which permeated the sky, was an extremely powerful Reincarnation ripple.
Meanwhile, there was light flowing within Lin Dong’s pitch-black eyes, and that black arrow was also trembling gently. As that dense Reincarnation ripple spread, a resplendent glow actually began to spread across the body of the arrow. 
A frightening fluctuation, which could not be described with words, slowly spread at this moment. In fact, the entire place began to shake violently. 
When he saw the changes occurring to his black arrow, Lin Dong’s expression changed as well. This was because he realized that countless experts from the Great Desolate Sect had bestowed their final will onto his black arrow. Moreover, their wills were extremely pure and they simply wanted to destroy the Ninth Seat King, who had destroyed their sect… 
“I never expected their wills to be so powerful even after a few millennia.”
Lin Dong sighed softly. Meanwhile, an icy cold glint slowly gathered within his dark black eyes. Finally, the black arrow in his hand locked onto that Ninth Seat King, whose expression was slowly changing.
“Elder, back then, you passed me your Ancestral Symbol and I am indebted to you. Today, in return, I shall avenge your Great Desolate Sect!”
Lin Dong’s expression became increasingly cold and stern. Then, the space behind him subsequently fluctuated before a mysterious force tore through space and arrived. Finally, it covered the entire black arrow. Immediately, that chaotic colour caused the Reincarnation ripple on that black arrow to slowly withdraw.
It was an ordinary looking black arrow.
However, when the Ninth Seat King realized that he was being locked on by that black arrow, his body gently trembled. Meanwhile, rarely seen horror surged within his black eyes.
At this moment, he had detected the genuine scent of death.
That rich scent of death was something that he had never detected, even when he was up against that black eyed elder’s dying counterattack! 
“Brat, do you really wish to fight to the death with me?! Why don’t we both take a step back?” 
The Ninth Seat King let out a stern cry.
Lin Dong stared at him indifferently. After which, his lips moved before one icy cold word clearly sounded, “Fool!”
The Ninth Seat King was stunned. However, his expression quickly turned menacing, before he said, “Brat, you would rather choose the difficult path than the easy way out. Do you really think that you can kill me like this? You truly don’t know your limits!”
After his stern cry sounded, monstrous demonic aura swept out from within his body. Following which, the Devil Emperor Armour on his body began to shake violently, before many strange symbols appeared on his Devil Emperor Armour. Meanwhile, the body of the Ninth Seat King also began to swell. In a couple of breaths, he had transformed into a giant devil. Moreover, his demonic aura permeated the sky and blotted out the sun.
Lin Dong stared at the Ninth Seat King, who had pushed his demonic aura to the limits, before the sharp glint in his eyes intensified. His fingers, which were grasping the bowstring tightly, began to tremble gently. Meanwhile, traces of blood seeped out and dripped along the bow.
At this moment, the space in front of the arrow also began to gradually collapse.
Although Lin Dong had not fired that arrow, it seemed as though the entire place was unable to withstand its frightening pressure.
“Go.”
Lin Dong muttered within his heart. Soon after, his fingers, which were hooked tightly on the bowstring, were finally released together with a trace of blood.
Swoosh!
An incomparably sharp sound resounded across the sky, as that black arrow tore through the empty space like a black dragon. Within the same breath, it was already in front of the Ninth Seat King.
Roar!
A low roar erupted from the Ninth Seat King’s throat. Following which, powerful demonic aura surged before they turned into several fearsome looking devil gates in front of him. 
Bang bang bang!
However, that mighty defence was easily destroyed by that black ray of light. Within a couple of breaths, the monstrous demonic aura had collapsed. After which, even before the Ninth Seat King could make another move, that black arrow had ruthlessly struck his body in front of his narrowed eyes.
Clang!
Faintly, it seemed as though a metallic sound was emitted. Following which, many crack lines appeared on his Devil Emperor Armour. Finally, that black arrow mercilessly penetrated his Devil Emperor Armour before it pierced the body of the Ninth Seat King.
Bang!
The Ninth Seat King flew ten thousand feet backwards. Meanwhile, the Devil Emperor Armour on his body cracked continuously, while sharp and miserable cries of disbelief erupted from his mouth.
The Ninth Seat King eventually crashed onto the ground. Meanwhile, his body was drenched with black blood. Then, he slowly lowered his head and looked at his shattered Devil Emperor Armour. Meanwhile, there was still a look of disbelief on his face.
In the past, that black eyed elder threw everything that he had, but he failed to break this armour. However, as of now, it was broken by a single arrow from Lin Dong!
His Devil Emperor Armour, which was bestowed by their noble emperor, was actually broken?
“How is this possible?!”
The Ninth Seat King muttered to himself. In the next moment, his eyes became brutal. However, he had only just moved his body, before he subsequently emitted a sharp miserable screech. Immediately, one saw countless rays of light erupting from within his body.
Bang bang bang!
After those lights erupted, a thunderbolt was seemingly about to explode within the Ninth Seat King’s body. However, even before that thunderous noise sounded, his expression became increasingly pale while his aura weakened rapidly.
“Boom!”
After that intense explosion, the body of the Ninth Seat King was actually forcefully blown apart. Currently, devil blood was splattered all over the ground, causing the ground to become sticky and disgusting.
Devil blood covered the ground. Meanwhile, it was vaguely possible to spot a demonic light attempting to tunnel into the ground.
“Like I said, I must kill you today!”
Lin Dong’s indifferent voice sounded at this moment. Then, he waved his hand before a warm white glow suddenly erupted. Then, it transformed into a light barrier and enveloped that weak black light.
Sizzle sizzle.
After that black light was enveloped by that white glow, white fog instantly rose from within that black light. Then, a sharp miserable screech quickly followed. 
That white glow slowly shrunk. Then, it was possible to see a palm sized devil figure floating within. It was the Ninth Seat King. However, the latter no longer looked as domineering and fearsome as before. 
Lin Dong stared at the Ninth Seat King, who was being wrapped within that white light, before he involuntarily sighed. The lifeforce of these Yimo were truly extraordinary. In fact, the latter was still able to survive even after that extremely frightening attack. Furthermore, even though the latter was severely wounded and even his devil body was destroyed, if he escaped, it was likely that he would gradually recover in a hundred years.
It’s no wonder even the eight Ancient Masters rarely killed any of these elite Devil Prison members. This was because all these Yimo were like stubborn cockroaches. As of now, the Ninth Seat King had finally fallen into his hands only because he used the wills left behind by countless experts from the Great Desolate Sect.
“By finishing you off here, it’s likely that it will reduce our burden during the next great world war.”
Lin Dong smiled faintly towards the Ninth Seat King, who was wrapped within that white light. Next, he extended his hand. Finally, the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol and Devouring Ancestral Symbol surfaced on his palm. 
The two great Ancestral Symbols stood on his left and right, and coincidentally sandwiched the Ninth Seat King. 
“It’s not enough.”
Lin Dong mused for a moment after he saw this lineup. After which, he summoned the Great Desolate Tablet. Then, it floated above the Ninth Seat King. Soon after, he took out the Mysterious Divine Palace and placed it below him.
“You… you!”
When the Ninth Seat King saw this scene, his expression finally changed drastically. These four great divine objects were extremely effective against the Yimo. Therefore, even though he had a sturdy lifeforce, he still felt extremely uneasy at this moment.
However, Lin Dong completely ignored him. Instead, he once again clenched his hand before the Ancestor Stone appeared. Finally, it shot into that white light.
The five great divine objects emitted a faint glow. After which, they gradually connected with each other, before that white light began to shrink slowly.
“Ahh, noooo!”
That white light became increasingly small. Meanwhile, the Ninth Seat King sandwiched within also became increasingly tiny. At the same time, his sharp and miserable screeches sounded continuously. Since he was being purified by these five great divine objects, he would definitely die despite his monstrous strength!
Nevertheless, Lin Dong ignored the Ninth Seat King’s miserable cries. Gently shutting his eyes, that white light finally shrunk to the size of a grain of rice. After which, it blew apart with a loud ‘bang’. 
A ripple, which could not be described with words, spread. Meanwhile, thousand feet large waves were stirred on the ground below and it was a complete wreckage.
At this moment, Lin Dong finally opened his eyes. As he looked at that scattering white light, a smile of relief appeared on his pale face. He had finally killed the Ninth Seat King of the Devil Prison...
“That was quite the challenge.”
Lin Dong swung his sleeve, before he kept the five great divine objects back into his body. The elites of the Devil Prison were indeed extremely frightening. Despite being forced into such a state, he still had to exhaust a huge amount of energy in order to completely eliminate them… 
“Elder, that devil has been slayed and your wish should be fulfilled.” Lin Dong lifted his head and looked at the glowing figures floating in the sky. Subsequently, he looked at the black eyed elder before he softly said.
Every figure hovering in the sky gave Lin Dong a deep bow. Meanwhile, a pleased expression seemingly appeared on that black eyed elder’s face.
“Thank you very much, young friend. I have no means of repaying this huge favour of yours. All I can do, is to express my sincere gratitude.”
Hovering in the sky, the bodies of the black eyed elder and the rest gradually began to dissipate. Suddenly, some mysterious spots of light were formed. Then, those spots of light subsequently drifted towards Lin Dong.
Lin Dong extended his hand and gently touched those spots of light. Immediately, his body trembled gently, before joy surged within his eyes. Were these… Reincarnation essences?





Chapter 1255: A Little Lacking
The sky was filled with slowly drifting specks of light, as though the entire place had turned slightly dreamy. The unique Reincarnation ripple pulsed, causing one’s eyes to become rather dazed.
Lin Dong quietly sat in the air as he looked at the specks of light that filled the sky. Excitement flashed deep within his pitch-black eyes. Lin Dong had already touched Reincarnation. However, there was still a substantial distance to the Reincarnation stage. This opportunity could greatly shorten this distance. 
These Reincarnation essences were left behind by the countless powerful ancestors of Great Desolate Sect. Although they had died, all of them continued to guard their sect. Now that the culprit who had destroyed their sect had been killed, they were finally able to put down the unwavering persistence in their hearts. These wills began to disappear, leaving behind their comprehension towards Reincarnation.
“Miss Jiang Xue, this is also an opportunity for you. Don’t miss it.” Lin Dong looked at Jiang Xue on the mountaintop and smilingly said.
Jiang Xue lightly nodded upon hearing this. She rubbed Yinyin’s small head and sat down. She was naturally well aware of how important these Reincarnation essences were to her. 
On the other hand, Yinyin sat on her rock by the side. Her tiny hands held her small face as she shook her two snow-white legs; a look of extreme boredom. The Reincarnation essences drifted before her eyes, but could not catch her interest. However, there seemed to be a mysterious glow slowly surging deep within those large eyes of hers. 
Lin Dong sat down in the air. His body seemed to have become a black hole as the brilliant specks of light in the sky endlessly surged towards him and ultimately poured into Lin Dong’s body.
Following the entrance of the boundless Reincarnation essences into Lin Dong’s body, a faint feeling of profoundness began to quietly reverberate within Lin Dong’s heart. His originally clear mind gradually become blurry under the erosion of the Reincarnation essences. He seemed to have fallen into an indescribable state. However, he was unable to completely enter it.
Hence, the only way was to immerse oneself within this feeling and gradually comprehend it.
　　……
This was a field of darkness that was void of all light. Inexhaustible evil slowly flowed within the darkness; an evil that did not belong to this world.
There were a couple of blood red lamps in the middle of the darkness. These lamps were as thin as bones. Endless Demonic Qi spread as they slowly burned.
One of the blood lamps suddenly flickered. The evil flame originally present gradually weakened, before it completely disappeared.
Humm.
As the lamp was extinguished, a ripple was suddenly emitted from deep within the darkness. One could vaguely see several black figures within the darkness.
“The ninth… has been killed.”
A raspy voice slowly echoed from within the darkness.
“Dead? Ha, what an unlucky fellow… he said back then that he was going to deal with the previous owner of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol. In the end, all communication was lost. However, since his blood lamp was still present, he should have only been sealed. Why has he suddenly been killed?” Another eerie voice sounded.
“He likely encountered a formidable foe. The ninth also has the Devil Emperor Armor. It would be extremely difficult for an ordinary person to kill him.”
“We have been searching for his location all these years, but did not receive any response. It seems that the owner of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol back then did possess some ability.”
“It might have been those ancient masters. I have detected the existence of the Spatial Master in the Demon Region. However, only a brief exchange occurred before the both of us withdrew. From what I can tell, that fellow’s strength has already completely recovered.”
“All of you should be a little more careful. Some time earlier, we were nearly detected by the Thunderbolt Master.”
“Thunderbolt Master? Why do we need to be afraid of him? If he dares to come, we will use the opportunity to get rid of him.”
“If the Thunderbolt Master falls into a predicament, the other ancient masters will also be forced to show themselves. Our preparations are not yet complete. I’m afraid that the same result from back then would occur if we end up fighting.”
“What should we do now?”
“It is almost time. We should begin our plan.”
“Heh heh, are we going to act? After enduring for many millenniums, I’m truly a little anxious…”
“Aye, let’s prepare. They will no longer have any hope in this world war…”
The evil aura within the darkness gradually disappeared, while the blurry figures also suddenly vanished. Under this silence, a huge storm seemed to slowly brew as it engulfed the world.
　　……
Ten days had passed by the time Lin Dong withdrew from that mysterious state. He opened his somewhat hazy eyes and looked at the familiar surroundings in front of him.
Huu.
Lin Dong was quiet for a moment. He deeply inhaled a breath of air as his vision began to clear. Yuan Power gathered within his extended hand. He could feel the surging rich Reincarnation ripples within it.
This fluctuations were much stronger than before. However, it had yet to fully reach the Reincarnation stage.
“Still a little lacking.”
Lin Dong muttered to himself. He could feel that he was currently at the peak of the Samsara stage, and there was only half a step to the Reincarnation stage. He only needed to cross this half step in order to truly become a Reincarnation stage expert!
However, it was not easy to cross this boundary.
Lin Dong smiled faintly. He was not disappointed. Although he had numerous lucky encounters, if the Reincarnation stage was really so easy to reach, countless geniuses would not have failed to touch it in their entire lives.
He had a feeling that he would very soon be able to take this step.
“You’ve awakened?”
A soft and gentle voice was transmitted from a short distance away. Lin Dong lifted his head and saw Jiang Xue smilingly looking at him. The eyes of the latter seemed to have become a lot deeper. It was clear that she had also benefited greatly.
Lin Dong nodded slightly and glanced at the mountain peak where the protector was currently seated in a dazed manner. Other than the blank expression that continuously surfaced in his eyes, there was the look of being relieved from the burden of revenge.
“He should regain some of his intelligence as he cultivates. We must really thank you for what you have done for Great Desolate Sect. As the inheritor of Great Desolate Sect, I thank you on their behalf.” Jiang Xue softly said.
Lin Dong shook his head and said, “Great Desolate Sect is also a benefactor of mine, hence it is only right that I do this. Moreover, if the Ninth Seat King was allowed to escape, he would end up becoming a huge thorn at my side. Therefore, there is no need to thank me.”
Jiang Xue smiled and extended her hand. There was a black glow on within it. The black glow seemed to be a set of broken armour which faintly gave off an evil aura.
Lin Dong’s eyes hardened upon seeing this. This thing was surprisingly the Devil Emperor Armor.
“The Ninth Seat King was killed by you, thus this should be your spoils of battle. Moreover, I believe that no one else will be able to enjoy it.” Jiang Xue said. The Demonic Qi on the Devil Emperor Armor was far too strong. It might be a divine object to those Yimo, but it was completely useless to them.
“Heh, this is some good stuff. Although the Demonic Qi is extremely rich, I believe that with its energy, it will be possible for that Great Desolate Tablet to completely recover if you throw it into the Mysterious Divine Palace and refine it.” Yan’s joyous voice sounded at this moment.
Lin Dong lifted his brow. Allow the Great Desolate Tablet to fully recover? Just look at how the Darkness Saint Scythe had become comparable to a peak expert who had experienced one Reincarnation Tribulation after it fully recovered. How strong would the third ranked Great Desolate Tablet on the Ancient Divine Object Ranking be if it fully recovered? It would likely be able to fight with those top experts who had experienced two Reincarnation Tribulations.
Excitement rose within Lin Dong’s heart when his thoughts reached this point. After which, he unceremoniously received the broken Devil Emperor Armor and threw it into the Mysterious Divine Palace to refine.
“Let’s get out of this place.” Having dealt with the Great Wastelands Tablet’s problem, Lin Dong’s eyes scanned the area and said.
Jiang Xue also nodded. She extended her hand and beckoned Yinyin over. The latter happily ran towards her. Because they needed her to suppress the Demonic Qi in the past, Jiang Xue could only let her remain here alone. This little girl was naturally extremely excited now that she could leave.
Lin Dong smiled upon seeing this. He waved his sleeve and space distorted. By the time the three of them regained their senses, they were already outside the Great Wastelands Tablet.
Jiang Lei and the others had been waiting outside the Great Wasteland Tablet. They sighed in relief after seeing Lin Dong’s group and the smile Jiang Xue wore on her face. Clearly, the problem that had greatly troubled them had already been resolved.
“Uncle Jiang Lei, since the problem has already been resolved, I will be heading back to the capital. Feel free to come and look for me if there is anything that you need help with.”
Lin Dong smiled towards Jiang Lei. He originally thought that he could quickly resolve this matter. It was unexpected that he would be delayed by ten days. He could no longer stay now that he had resolved this problem.
Jiang Lei was startled when he heard that Lin Dong was about to leave. He quickly glanced at Jiang Xue.
“We have troubled you this time.” Jiang Xue smiled. Her pretty eyes looked meaningfully at Lin Dong.
Lin Dong grinned. After which, he extended his hand and rubbed Yinyin’s small head as he said, “Find me if Yinyin experiences any changes in future. I will do my best to help.”
“Big brother.” Yinyin grabbed Lin Dong’s sleeve in a somewhat reluctant manner.
Lin Dong gave her a warm smile. After which, he chatted idly with her. In the end, his body shot forward and he quickly disappeared into the horizon.
Jiang Xue stayed where she stood as she watched the distant figure vanish. Only then did the smile on her face slowly fade away. In the end, she softly sighed in somewhat bitter manner.
“If you like him, why did you not make him stay?” Jiang Lei asked helplessly. This lass was really obstinate. From start to end, she had never revealed her feelings.
“I like him. It is better for me to bear this feeling alone. Moreover, it is not as though there will not be any chances to meet in future…” Jiang Xue smiled slightly. She gently waved her hand as she turned around and left. That appearance of hers was rather free and at ease.
Jiang Lei could only bitterly laugh upon seeing this.





Chapter 1256: Return to the Sect
“Have you resolved the matter?” In a room within the Lin Clan, Lin Xiao looked at Lin Dong, who had returned, as he smiled and asked.
Lin Dong nodded. After which, he roughly explained the matters that had occurred within the Great Wastelands Tablet.
Lin Xiao’s expression changed when he heard that there was actually such a powerful Yimo within the Great Wastelands Tablet. He sighed quietly and nodded. If it was not for Lin Dong, there would likely be another great calamity.
“Father, I have been away for quite some time. I will perhaps return to Dao Sect tomorrow.” Lin Dong handed a jade token to Lin Xiao and said. “Shatter this jade token if any problems occurs. I will hurry back immediately.”
It was time for him to return to the sect after being away for such a long time. Moreover, he could also sense that Zhou Tong’s Yuan Spirit in the Ancestral Stone was beginning to recover. It was likely that he would really like to see Dao Sect when he awakened.
Lin Xiao received the jade token and nodded. After which, he smilingly said, “That’s right, you should go and see Mmiss Qingzhu. You brought her to our house, only to disappear for ten days. This is too rude.”
Lin Dong shook his head helplessly after seeing the gloating smile on Lin Xiao. I had originally thought that the matter would be very quickly resolved. It was unexpected for him to have been delayed for so long.
Lin Dong headed for the courtyard after leaving the room where he saw Ling Qingzhu chatting with Liu Yan. The former merely glanced at Lin Dong when he appeared before withdrawing her eyes.
“Ha ha, Dong’er is back.” Liu Yan smiled towards Lin Dong. After which, she stepped forward and patted Lin Dong’s shoulders. After throwing a meaningful look towards Ling Qingzhu, she smilingly left.
Lin Dong smiled bitterly and walked towards Qingzhu.
Ling Qingzhu waved her sleeve gently. Her pretty eyes slightly lowered as she said in a faint voice, “I will be returning to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace tomorrow.”
Although her tone appeared uncaring, Lin Dong could still hear an extremely faint trace of anger within. She had panicked slightly when she was being brought back by him in such a manner. Yet, Lin Dong had disappeared during this period of time. This undoubtedly caused her to feel awkward and angry. However, she had extremely good manners, and interacted with Liu Yan and Lin Dong’s other elders with a smile. Nevertheless, it was inevitable that she would feel angry at Lin Dong for disappearing without telling her.
He had brought her home, only to disappear. What was the meaning of this?
Lin Dong hurriedly pulled her sleeve as he smiled bitterly and said, “It is indeed my fault this time. Originally, I believed that I would be able to swiftly resolve the problem. I did not expect to be delayed for so long.”
Lin Dong observed Ling Qingzhu’s pretty face as he spoke. “I met the Ninth Seat King of Devil Prison.”
“Ninth Seat King?”
Ling Qingzhu’s expression changed. Having exchanged blows with the Seventh Seat King, she naturally understood that just how terrifying those Yimo from Devil Prison with the title of  seated kings were. They had failed to gain an advantage against the Seventh Seat King despite their cooperation. Yet, Lin Dong had encountered the Ninth Seat King alone?
“Are you alright?”
Ling Qingzhu raised her eyebrow. A trace of concern was present in her clear eyes as she looked towards Lin Dong.
“I’m fine. That fellow’s strength was greatly reduced because he was sealed. However, I still had to battle him for a couple of days…” Lin Dong’s eyes spun with thought. He glanced at Ling Qingzhu and eloquently exaggerated the dangers when fighting the Ninth Seat King. It was as though he had only obtained a narrow victory after barely evading the jaws of death.
However, this attempt of his did not appear to be of much use against Ling Qingzhu. Her pretty face remained as unmoving as still water. There was no reaction no matter how Lin Dong exaggerated.
Lin Dong could only helplessly stop after seeing that she was indifferent. It was indeed difficult to deal with an intelligent woman.
Ling Qingzhu finally glanced at Lin Dong as he grow softer and softer. Her red lips curled slightly after seeing the latter’s resentful facem and her eyes became a little gentler. Although Lin Dong had exaggerated, a big battle was definitely unavoidable after meeting the Ninth Seat King.
“I will not be coming again if you dare to do this next time.”
The originally resentful Lin Dong was startled when he heard the voice that had suddenly emerged from beside him. He laughed dryly and nodded. “Rest assured that I will also bring you along the next time.”
Lin Dong sighed in relief. He had finally passed this trial.
“Are you returning tomorrow?” Lin Dong changed the topic and asked.
“Yes.” Ling Qingzhu lightly nodded and said. “After all, I have been away for such a long time. Although the palace has many elders to maintain it, I cannot continue like this as the palace master.”
“Coincidentally, I am also planning on returning to Dao Sect tomorrow. In that case, I will send you back to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace.” Lin Dong nodded and said.
“I will go into cultivation seclusion and attempt to comprehend Reincarnation when I return to the palace. It is likely that I will not come out for some time.”
Ling Qingzhu looked at Lin Dong and said, “You should spend more time trying to understand the Zenith Sensing Art. The way you sense it does not come from within. Currently, you are only at the entry level. This is far from sufficient if you wish to reach the level of those ancient masters.”
Lin Dong was stunned. His expression was complicated as he looked at Ling Qingzhu. She was indeed aware of his intentions with regards to learning the Zenith Sensing Art.
Ling Qingzhu avoided his gaze. After which, she headed out of the courtyard, “You have been busy. Please rest.”
However, a hand suddenly grabbed her wrist as she was turning around. The warmth transmitted from it caused her alluring figure to tremble. She anxiously tried to escape, but the great strength from the hand prevented her from doing so. Slight panic was revealed on her usually aloof and pretty face revealed, “You… what are you planning to… ah?”
A force was suddenly transmitted from her hand. Subsequently, she lightly crashed into a firm chest. Next, her narrow and soft waist was firmly embraced by a pair of hands.
“Thank you.”
A soft apologetic voice sounded beside her ear before she could struggle. Ling Qingzhu’s figure stopped moving as she stood there with a red face. She did not know what she ought to do. If this was someone else, it was likely that she would have drawn her sword and slashed him into two. However, she was unable to harden her heart against this fellow. All she could do was gently bite her lower lips and allowed him to take advantage of her.
However, Lin Dong did not bring things any further. He merely hugged the person in his embrace in an attempt to relief some of the apologetic feelings in his heart.
The courtyard was quiet. It was a long time later before a lovely figure finally appeared at the gate to the courtyard. She saw the two figures hugging, and curled her small lips as she released an intentional soft snort.
She might have been soft, but it immediately broke the atmosphere in the courtyard, and Ling Qingzhu abruptly recovered. She stared at Lin Dong in an embarrassed and angry manner. His actions had caused the latter’s heart to pound harder.
Before he could speak however, Ling Qingzhu had already fled in panic. Such an 
appearanceappearence
 was completely different from her usual aloof and indifferent self.
Lin Dong laughed dryly. He looked at Qingtan, who was covering her small mouth, and smiled in an embarrassed manner.
Qingtan walked to Lin Dong’s side. Her pretty eyes looked at the direction Ling Qingzhu had fled as she said, “Big brother Lin Dong, I recall that you still have a Ying Huanhuan from Dao Sect, right? If you do this…”
Lin Dong felt his head swell upon hearing this. This girl was clearly looking for trouble. He immediately extended his hand and violently rubbed Qingtan’s small head. “A child should not utter such nonsense when it comes to the matters between adults.
“I am the master of Darkness Palace, not some little child!” Qingtan said unhappily.
Lin Dong extended his finger and chuckled as he flicked Qingtan’s smooth forehead.
“Big brother Lin Dong, are you returning to Dao Sect tomorrow?” Qingtan suddenly hugged Lin Dong’s arm and happily asked.
Lin Dong nodded. From her appearance, it was likely that she had heard it from Lin Xiao.
“I want to go too!’
“No. Stay at home and keep father and mother company!”
“Father and mother have agreed!”
“No!”
“In that case, I will send a Yuan spirit message to Ying Huanhuan and tell her what you did earlier!”
“... are you asking for a beating?”
　　……
The next day, Lin Dong looked at the lovely Qingtan, who smilingly followed behind him. All he could do was to shake his head in a displeased manner. He had finally experienced this girl’s amazing pestering ability.
Ling Qingzhu stood gracefully beside him. She was currently smiling and chatting with Liu Yan, who had come to sent them off.
“Father, mother, we are leaving.” Lin Dong saw that it was almost time. He smiled and spoke towards Lin Xiao and Liu Yan.
“Okay. Be careful.”
The Lin Xiao couple nodded. Lin Dong was no longer the youth from back then. They were aware of the achievements of their son, and this made them extremely proud.
Lin Dong also grinned and replied. After which, he did not delay any longer. With a wave of his sleeve, the three of them had already turned into a ray of light and shot into the distance. They disappeared into the horizon in the blink of an eye.
Lin Dong sent Ling Qingzhu back to Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace after leaving the Great Yan Empire. After a period of reconstruction, Nine Heavens Supreme Purity Palace was once again complete. The Lin Dong duo stayed for a while, before bidding her goodbye and headed straight for Dao Sect.
Within half a day, the mountain range of Dao Sect once again appeared in their sights. Lin Dong’s eyes scanned the area and paused for a moment. A lovely figure was seated on the cliff atop a mountain. Her long icy-blue hair scattered downwards, and she gave off a chilling aura, causing the surrounding land to be covered in frost.
“Huanhuan?”
Lin Dong was startled when he saw the familiar figure, and hurriedly flew over with Qingtan. Meanwhile, the figure had also detected his return, and ripples appeared in her pretty but icy eyes.
“You are back?” Ying Huanhuan stood up. A slight smile surfaced on her pretty face.
“Why are you here?” Lin Dong smiled and asked.
“I was waiting for you.” Ying Huanhuan’s delicate hand lifted a strand of long icy-blue hair and laughed softly. She said it as if it was the most normal thing in the world.
Lin Dong was stunned. He gazed at Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face. Those icy-blue eyes appeared like blue gemstones. Though they were completely icy, there was some gentleness within this air freezing iciness.
Compared to the past, she seemed to have become a little quieter. Lin Dong vaguely felt that something was amiss. However, he was unable to explain it.
“You are still running around in this condition?”
Lin Dong sighed softly. He extended his hand towards her and said, “Let’s head back.”
Ying Huanhuan nodded. She smiled and a cold slender hand held Lin Dong’s hand. The iciness within her heart seemed to ripple as she felt the warmth in her palm, while the smile on her lips became even gentler.
“You are Huanhuan?”
Qingtan, who was following beside Lin Dong, looked at Ying Huanhuan, who had changed greatly from back then. She was a little stunned as she asked, “Why have you become like this?”
“Don’t ask unnecessary questions.”
Lin Dong patted Qingtan’s small head. After she, he pulled her along and directly headed towards Dao Sect. His eyes turned towards a mountain behind them just as he was about to enter Dao Sect and nodded in gratitude.
The Flame Master stood there and watched the three of them enter Dao Sect. After which, he softly sighed with a complicated expression.





Chapter 1257: Reunion of Master and Disciple
Chapter 1257: Reunion of Master and Disciple
After entering Dao Sect, Lin Dong was alone in the front, while Qingtan and Ying Huanhuan followed behind. The two girls knew each other from before, and had even worked together against Yuan Cang. Hence, they were rather friendly. Now that they had met again, they gave off the feeling of things between them staying the same although both of them had changed.
Several Dao Sect disciples could be seen on the way back. When they saw that Lin Dong had returned, surprise and joy emerged in their eyes. Various warm and welcoming cries could be heard even from far away.
Lin Dong gently smiled to the new disciples whose faces were still somewhat immature. From their eyes, he could see a kind of zeal. Such zeal was formed from belief, and for those who possess this belief, if Dao Sect was to meet a similar fate as Great Desolate Sect in the very distant future, their wills will perhaps also continue to protect Dao Sect.
The trio flew up onto the main mountain peak where Ying Xuanzi and a group of Dao Sect elders were already waiting in front of the main hall. When they saw Lin Dong return, smiles surfaced on their faces. Although the flames of war in the Eastern Xuan Region had already been extinguished. The morale of the entire Dao Sect could only perfectly meld together when Lin Dong was around.
Lin Dong bowed to Ying Xuanzi. After conversing for awhile, he paused and said, “ Sect master, senior brother Zhou Tong should be able to come out now.”
Upon hearing this, Ying Xuanzi’s expression turned complicated. Soon after, he gently nodded as the numerous elders behind him cast their gazes over. Before Lin Dong appeared, Zhou Tong had been a legend in Dao Sect. If he had been able to continue cultivating in Dao Sect, he would have perhaps long become the Dao Sect master.
Lin Dong gently waved his hand as gentle white light emerged from his palm. Soon after, the Ancestral Stone appeared. With a flick of his finger, a ray of light shined emerged from the Ancestral Stone.
The light gradually gathered together, before transforming into a black robed figure under everyone’s watching eyes. It was Zhou Tong.
Zhou Tong gradually opened his tightly shut eyes. Ying Xuanzi and the rest of the crowd standing before him entered his eyes. Soon after, his body slightly stiffened, as a complicated expression emerged on his face. His lips gently trembled, and he slowly lowered his body. Both knees touched the ground as a rather raspy voice echoed in front of the hall.
“Master, disciple has returned.”
Ying Xuanzi’s body started to shake at this moment. It seemed as if his usually calm face was about to lose control. He slowly walked forward and gently rubbed Zhou Tong’s head. His eyes filled with moisture as he softly said, “It’s good that you’re back, it’s good that you’re back.”
The numerous elders around them also silently sighed. They knew of how Zhou Tong had suffered over the years. The Dao Sect legend from back then had almost become a tool of Yuan Gate, and had even been used against their Dao Sect.
“Back then… this disciple did not understand the big picture. I let my emotions affect my decisions, and did not listen to master’s words. That was why such a calamity occured.” As he gazed at Ying Xuanzi’s moist eyes, even with his temperament, tears involuntarily flowed from Zhou Tong’s eyes.
“Hehe, which youngster does not have his reckless moments.” Ying Xuanzi gently chuckled. Soon after he turned slightly silent, “As long as you don’t blame master for being weak and unwilling to avenge you.”
“As the sect master, master naturally has to consider the entire sect.” Zhou Tong shook his head. He had never blamed Ying Xuanzi from the start. Just like Lin Dong back then, they both understood Ying Xuanzi. At times, choosing to make those seemingly weak decisions was even more courageous than using their lives to fight.
Ying Xuanzi wiped the corners of his eyes, before he gazed at the incomparably enormous Dao Sect. His voice suddenly rang out across the entire sect, “My disciple, the entire Dao Sect welcomes you back.”
His voice echoed into the distance. Countless Dao Sect disciples were slightly stunned as they cast their gazes towards the main peak. Quicky after, joy immediately surged in their eyes.
“That is… senior brother Zhou Tong?!”
Although many of the newer disciples were rather unfamiliar with this name, they could see the intense emotions on some of the older disciples’ faces. Subsequently, earth shattering cheers erupted.
Lin Dong looked upon the now excited Dao Sect. He smiled at the red eyed Zhou Tong and said, “Welcome back, senior brother Zhou Tong.”
Zhou Tong stood up, gazing at the Dao Sect before him. Intense emotions and a smile also appeared on his face. He cupped his fists together towards Lin Dong and said, “Junior brother Lin Dong, many thanks to you for this.”
If Lin Dong had not used the Ancestral Stone to protect his Yuan Spirit and even nourished it, it was likely that he would have long disappeared into nothingness.
Lin Dong grinned and shook his head. He extended his hand as silver light flickered, and the Spatial Ancestral Symbol appeared, “Since senior brother Zhou Tong has already recovered, this Spatial Ancestral Symbol should return to its owner.”
Zhou Tong was a little taken aback as he gazed at the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. Subsequently, he looked at Lin Dong. The latter was smiling with an earnest look in his eyes. There was no desire for this Spatial Ancestral Symbol within them.
Zhou Tong was silent for some time. He slowly reached out his hand to receive the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. As he stared at the Ancestral Symbol, complicated feelings filled his eyes. In the end, he seemed to softy chuckle. His fingertip gently cut the air, as a faint line of blood appeared on the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. Subsequently, it was broken with a light thrust of his finger.
Crack.
The blood line silently shattered as Zhou Tong’s complexion instantly turned deathly pale. He gently stroked the Spatial Ancestral Symbol as he softly said, “Sorry for making you suffer the contamination of Demonic Qi with me for so many years. However, I believe that your next owner will be even more perfect than myself.”
Circular light rippled from the Spatial Ancestral Symbol as a faint buzzing sound emerged. The sound seemed to similar be filled with reluctance.
“Senior brother Zhou Tong…”
Lin Dong blankly watched this scene. As an Ancestral Symbol controller, he naturally understood what Zhou Tong had done. He had cut off his connection to the Spatial Ancestral Symbol from his end, an action that would surely inflict serious damage to himself. Even his Yuan Spirit had now become much more incomporeal than before.
“Junior brother Lin Dong, as an Ancestral Symbol controller, you should also know of the calamity this world will face in future. I believe that the Spatial Ancestral Symbol will be more suitable for you than myself.” Zhou Tong gently smiled at Lin Dong, before handing back the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, “I can feel that it also believes this.”
Lin Dong’s expression was complicated. He stared at the Spatial Ancestral Symbol that flickered with silver light as he softly sighed.
While he hesitated, an ice-cold hand gently gripped his hand. He tilted his head and saw Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face. She softly said, “This is the Spatial Ancestral Symbol and senior brother Zhou Tong’s choice.”
Lin Dong bitterly laughed. In the end, he nodded, before he reached out and received the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, “Senior brother Zhou Tong, I will not let it be overlooked, and will take on the responsibility  of an Ancestral Symbol controller.”
Buzz.
Faint light emerged from the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. Like liquid, it stealthily merged into Lin Dong’s palm. At this moment, he could feel an ancient and pure energy ripple within his body.
Ripples emerged from the Devouring Ancestral Symbol and the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, rejecting the Spatial Ancestral Symbol from existing in the same body by reflex. However, gentle light quickly blossomed from the Ancestral Stone. Under this light, the rejection between them stealthily weakened.
Silver light rippled from Lin Dong’s body in circles. The space around him seemed like lake water at this moment, and intense ripples could be seen.
“Junior brother Lin Dong, the Spatial Ancestral Symbol has already acknowledged you. Next, you should quickly master it.” Zhou Tong watched the Spatial Ancestral Symbol fuse with Lin Dong’s body as he smiled and said.
Lin Dong nodded his head. He could feel the Yuan Power within his body start to swell at an alarming speed when the Spatial Ancestral Symbol entered his body. This caused ripples to form in his calm heart.
With the reinforcement of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, he could finally formally try to attack the Reincarnation stage.
Lin Dong turned around and asked Ying Huanhuan to take care of Qingtan. Without further ado, his body moved and appeared on a nearby mountain peak as he immediately sat down.
He currently needed to completely refine and gain control of this Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
Dazzling silver light continuously emerged from Lin Dong’s body. Like a glorious silver sun, it drew countless gazes in Dao Sect.
When Ying Huanhuan saw that Lin Dong had entered into a cultivation state, her jadelike hand gently waved, and Cold Qi turned the surroundings of the mountain peak into a layer of ice, protecting him within it.
“Looks like he plans to use this opportunity to attack the Reincarnation stage.” Ying Xuanzi was very perceptive. He had determined Lin Dong’s aim with a single look, and immediately lamented. Who could have imagined that the little disciple from back then would so thoroughly leave him behind in the dust.
“Junior brother Lin Dong’s talent is even greater than my own. Our Dao Sect will surely prosper with him around.” Zhou Tong also nodded. Even someone like himself rather admired Lin Dong’s accomplishments. In the battle outside Yuan Gate back then, he had already completely acknowledged Lin Dong’s strength.
“Then let us silently wait for him.” Ying Xuanzi softly chuckled. If Lin Dong was able to advance to the Reincarnation stage, he would truly enter the ranks of this world’s apex experts. At that time, the number who people who could surpass him could be counted on one hand.
“Stinking big brother Lin Dong. He left me alone again.” Qingtan pouted a little and said in a displeased manner.
Ying Huanhuan pulled her as she smiled and said, “I will take care of you on his behalf.”
Only after hearing this, did Qingtan smile sweetly. Her large eyes looked towards the mountain peak as a slightly pained and almost undetectable look flitted across them. 
To be honest, being able to look at you like this is more than enough for me.
On a distant mountain peak, the Flame Master shifted his gaze towards the mountain Lin Dong was on. With his hands behind his back, he softly said, “The third Ancestral Symbol huh… Lin Dong, to have reached this level, you are truly extraordinary, however…”
“If you intend on surpassing little junior sister, let us see if you truly have the qualifications…”





Chapter 1258: Crack Between the Planes
Majestic and powerful Yuan Power were coursing through Lin Dong’s body like floodwaters. Moreover, his Yuan Power seemed to be growing at a frightening rate.
The three Ancestral Symbols within Lin Dong’s body had formed into a triangle and they were facing each other from afar. However, the three of them seemed to be repelling gently against each other. Meanwhile, the Ancestor Stone was floating quietly in the middle, while its warm and gentle strength was continuously alleviating the resistance between the Ancestral Symbols.
Amongst the three Ancestral Symbols, the Devouring Ancestral Symbol and the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol were a little tamer. After all, they had been refined by Lin Dong. However, the resistance from the newly arrived Spatial Ancestral Symbol clearly stood out. This resistance was likely something that was not intended, but it was its inbuilt resistance against the other Ancestral Symbols. After all, it was already a great blessing for an ordinary person to possess one symbol, and having them coexist in a single body was a feat that was nearly impossible to accomplish. 
Since the beginning of time, other than the Symbol Ancestor, no one else was able to successfully accommodate all eight great Ancestral Symbols within a single body. Therefore, although Lin Dong only possessed three Ancestral Symbols, accommodating all three of them was already a task that was more difficult that one could ever imagine. 
Lin Dong’s heart was as calm as still water and he did not intentionally dispel those resistance. Instead, he merely calmed his heart down quietly while he sensed that mysterious Spatial Strength.
After all, if he wanted to successfully gain control of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, he had to know it inside out. 
Thankfully, since Lin Dong knew how to control both the Devouring Ancestral Symbol and the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, he did not panic. Instead, he immersed his mind within the Spatial Ancestral Symbol. In fact, it was vaguely possible for him to detect that his surrounding space had begun to wiggle. Moreover, it felt as though the mysterious empty space possessed life.
Lin Dong’s mind slowly extended from within his body. After which, he merged with his surrounding space, before he followed the empty space and began to spread in waves.
The empty space was omnipresent.
Lin Dong’s mind merged with the empty space itself. After which, just like an invisible eye, everything in this world was reflected within Lin Dong’s eyes. In fact, he saw the ice barrier covering the mountains, and also saw countless Dao Sect disciples, that were looking in his direction. After which, his mind followed the empty space and drifted even further.
Thirty miles, three hundred miles, three thousand miles and even further away… 
Lin Dong’s mind was just like a roaming ghost at this moment, as it spread into the distance in a manner that an ordinary person could not accomplish. While doing so, he could feel that the obscure sensation created when he first immersed his mind with the empty space, was disappearing stealthily as his mind spread into the distance. Finally, that sensation disappeared completely. 
Lin Dong’s mind was currently immersed in this endless drifting.
His mind continued to drift for a long time, before Lin Dong suddenly felt that his mind was becoming blurry. After which, he quickly awakened. Then, he was stunned when he realized that his mind seemed to have turned into a void in this realm, and he could no longer summon it back.
Only at this moment, did he realize just how dangerous this training method was. If he could not summon his mind back into his body, his physical body would become just like a stone statue, and he would no longer be able to move.
Anxiety surged within his heart. Soon after, Lin Dong forcefully calmed himself down. After all, he knew that if he panicked at this moment, it was likely that his mind would no longer be able to return.
Since this was a trial, there was ultimately a way to break it.
Lin Dong gradually calmed his mind down. Soon after, he stopped putting up a resistance. Instead, he followed his mind and completely merged with the empty space itself. A long time later, he suddenly realized that his mind was rising together with the empty space. Finally, it became extremely distant from the ground. Meanwhile, gales whizzed around him, while everything in his sight became increasingly tiny at a frightening speed.
Clouds flew past and even the bright sun became increasingly distant. Soon after, darkness began to surge. This darkness looked just like an endless void, causing fear to rise within one’s heart. After all, even a Reincarnation stage expert could not reach a place like this.
Lin Dong continued to drift for a long time, before his mind suddenly shook. Immediately, he turned to his back and saw many two hundred thousand miles large light rays entwining around each other, before they spread within the distant darkness. Moreover, those light rays seemed to form a huge and frightening formation, and the energy permeating over that formation seemed to cause even the world to tremble.
Lin Dong’s mind was looking at the back of that super formation. Meanwhile, there seemed to be a two hundred thousand miles large black crack at that spot and that crack looked like a wiggling devil dragon. Moreover, an endless darkness, that was completely void of light, was right behind and it looked like the land of devils. Frightening evil demonic aura continued to surge. However, it was blocked by that super formation.
Lin Dong was startled as he stared at that black crack. This… could this be the legendary crack between the planes? Moreover, was the area behind the crack where the Yimo originated from?!
Lin Dong’s mind trembled violently at this moment. Even though he merely took a single glance at that crack, it caused him to nearly lose his mind. In fact, the evilness within seemed capable of causing one to sink endlessly within it.
If this crack was the crack between the planes, the two hundred thousand miles large super formation in front of his eyes… should have been left behind by the Symbol Ancestor?
Only a man like him could create such a formation that could annihilate the world and seal an entire plane.
“Symbol Ancestor…”
Lin Dong muttered to himself. Meanwhile, he was focusing his attention on that super formation. He could feel that a wave of energy emitted from that formation, was able to easily shatter a peak expert, who had passed two Reincarnation Tribulations, into pieces.
That man was indeed worthy of being the strongest person since the beginning of time.
His strength was something that others feared yet respected.
While Lin Dong was secretly in awe over the frightening strength of that super formation, he suddenly realized that his mind was gradually drifting towards that formation. Immediately, he was stunned by this discovery as cold sweat began to cover his entire body. After all, be it the super formation or the crack between the planes, he could not oppose any of them with his current strength. 
Nonetheless, regardless of how much he struggled, Lin Dong was unable to break free. Hence, he could only stare in shock while his mind grew closer to that super formation.
As he gradually approached that formation, the pressure radiating from that super formation also caused his mind to tremble. In fact, it felt as though his mind was about to scatter at this moment.
However, as Lin Dong slowly approached that super formation, it also discovered his presence. After which, above that formation, a faint light spread and actually formed an illusionary figure, that almost covered the entire world. Though one was unable to discern the appearance of that illusionary figure, he gave off a ripple that could tower over the entire world.
Is that… the Symbol Ancestor?!
That illusionary figure was only the upper half of a body. However, it looked as though the entire world was beneath him. Then, he slowly extended his large hand before his finger penetrated the empty space and pressed down towards Lin Dong.
Lin Dong could not dodge such an attack. Instantly, that finger had already landed on his body.
Bang!
Lin Dong’s mind seemingly shattered the moment that finger touched him. After which, he felt the darkness disappearing swiftly. Then, the sky appeared once again before clouds resurfaced. After which, his mind began to fall rapidly.
Swoosh swoosh!
This descent continued for a long time. Soon after, Lin Dong suddenly opened his eyes. Immediately, rich shock surfaced on his face, while cold perspiration rained down from his forehead, drenching his entire body instantly.
“Have I returned?”
Lin Dong extended his slightly trembling hand before he clenched it. Then, he looked at that ice barrier, which was located outside. Through that layer of ice, it was possible to see the bustling Dao Sect. Meanwhile, countless Dao Sect disciples were shuttling around.
Compared to what he experienced before, what he experienced now was as different as life and death. 
Lin Dong lifted his head and looked at the sky with some lingering fear. At a place so far away that he could not reach, there was a super formation created by the Symbol Ancestor after he ignited his Reincarnation. Moreover, there was also a terrifying crack between the planes.
Even a Reincarnation stage expert was unable to reach that place. However, with the help of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, Lin Dong managed to catch a glimpse of that place.
However, that feeling was simply far too frightening… 
Previously, Lin Dong felt as though his soul was shattered. If that illusionary figure had even the slightest desire to kill him, it was likely that he would have been completely annihilated.
Lin Dong wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead. Suddenly, his hand paused before he looked at his palm. After which, he saw that his palm was now giving off a faint silver glow.
This sudden change caused him to be startled. Subsequently, he looked at his body. At this moment, his body was giving off a silver glow. Moreover, a peculiar sensation had emerged between his brows.
Lin Dong gently shut his eyes. Immediately, he felt like his surrounding space seemed to have merged with him. In fact, with a single thought, he could appear three hundred miles away.
“This is… am I in control of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol?”
This unique sensation left Lin Dong in shock. Promptly, wild joy surged within his eyes. After all, only someone who was in control of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol could merge perfectly with the empty space itself.
Lin Dong quickly shut his eyes. After which, he probed the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, which was floating quietly within his body and had formed a triangular shape with the Devouring Ancestral Symbol and the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol. However, he realized that the resistance from before had disappeared completely. 
Hum hum!
While Lin Dong was observing the quiet Spatial Ancestral Symbol with joy, the latter suddenly shook. After which, he felt that as the Spatial Ancestral Symbol began to tremble, the mighty Yuan Power within his body began to gather at a rapid rate, just like floodwaters.
While his Yuan Power began to gather together at a crazy rate, an unique change began to occur within his mighty Yuan Power.
It was a transformation that only occured when his strength had agglomerated until its limits.
Ocean like Yuan Power floated within Lin Dong’s body. Meanwhile, there was a mysterious ripple at the bottom of that Yuan Power ocean. As that mysterious ripple slowly grew, a divine sensation slowly spread.
It was… the Reincarnation ripple!
Shock gushed into Lin Dong’s eyes. That was because he knew that he was about to take a step, one which had obstructed countless of experts for their entire lives!
After that one step, was Reincarnation!





Chapter 1259: Advancing to the Reincarnation Stage
Time flies. All of a sudden, two months had passed.
During the past two months, the ice barrier on the mountain peak did not disappear. Hence, everyone could only vaguely see a skinny figure within that ice barrier. However, with the passage of time, even an ordinary Dao Sect disciple could detect that an extremely frightening Yuan Power fluctuation was slowly gathering within that ice barrier.
Thick layers of clouds rolled in the sky above Dao Sect. Those clouds were all formed from Yuan Power. Meanwhile, the density of the Yuan Power within had reached an extremely frightening stage.
The pressure radiating from those Yuan Power caused even a Samsara stage expert’s heart to shudder. 
Situated at the main mountain of Dao Sect, Ying Xuanzi and the rest lifted their heads and stared in amazement at the sky. Currently, Ying Xuanzi was a top expert who had touched Reincarnation. However, he was ultimately unable to take the final step. This was because not only was his knowledge of Reincarnation lacking, but the density of the Yuan Power within his body had not reached that abnormal level.
Since his Yuan Power was lacking, he was naturally unable to create Reincarnation Will.
“However, from the looks of it, it’s about time?”
Ying Xuanzi muttered to himself. He could sense that the Yuan Power gathering in the sky had gradually reached their limits. After all, if the Yuan Power continued to accumulate, it was likely that the entire place would collapse.
Bang!
However, soon after his voice sounded, a strange noise was suddenly emitted from the sky. Immediately, countless Dao Sect disciples lifted their heads in shock. Then, they saw that the Yuan Power clouds, that were spread over three hundred miles, were slowly distorting at this moment.
Strange rays of light penetrated through the clouds and shone downwards. Anyone who was shone by those light rays immediately felt absent-minded. Meanwhile, the Yuan Power within their bodies grew stealthily.
“The light of Reincarnation...”
On a mountain peak a short distance away, when the Flame Master saw those rays of light, his pupils hardened gently. Subsequently, he directed his attention towards that mountain peak, which was covered by a layer of ice. Lin Dong had finally taken this step.
“If he advanced to the Reincarnation stage, he will be qualified to join the ranks of the elite.”
The Flame Master muttered to himself. Soon after, he frowned gently. Then, he used his palm to touch his chest before a dark expression flashed across his eyes.
“Those fellows… they have finally made their move.”
Bang!
The Yuan Power clouds in the sky began to churn at a quicker pace. In the next moment, a thunderous noise suddenly appeared. After which, everyone was stunned when they saw that the layers of clouds were actually forcefully ripped apart, before a ten thousand feet large Yuan Power torrent suddenly poured downwards. 
That Yuan Power torrent looked just like a waterfall that hung from the sky, as it descended together with a frightening momentum. Finally, it descended onto the ice barrier in front of countless pairs of stunned eyes.
Crack.
That extremely sturdy ice barrier collapsed instantaneously, before ice fragments shot in all directions.
At a short distance away, when Qingtan saw that the ice barrier was broken, her expression changed immediately. Promptly, she clenched her small hand, before black light spread. However, just as she was about to intervene, an icy cold hand stopped her.
“This is something that one must personally experience in order to break into the Reincarnation stage. No one else should intervene. Otherwise, it will only be detrimental towards him.” Ying Huanhuan said.
Upon hearing this, Qingtan gently bit her lips. Then, she looked at that mountain peak in a somewhat worried manner. That Yuan Power assault was truly frightening and there was no telling if Lin Dong could withstand it.
That ice barrier was shattered. Immediately, countless pairs of eyes turned to look in that direction. Then, they saw that the skinny figure seated on that mountain peak had also stood up at this moment. As he stared at that descending Yuan Power waterfall, there wasn’t the slightest hint of fear on his face. Instead, there was wild heat surging within his dark black eyes.
Buzz.
Lin Dong’s body shook gently. After which, an enormous black hole appeared above his head.
That Yuan Power waterfall landed, before it charged ruthlessly into that black hole. However, this attack was so terrifying that it even caused that black hole to tremble. Then, Lin Dong suddenly took a step back. In fact, it seemed like his inner organs were displaced after that attack. 
However, Lin Dong also knew that there was no way he could shrink back at this moment! 
The black hole began to rotate at an increasingly rapid pace. Meanwhile, the Devouring Power within Lin Dong’s body was unleashed to its limits as it crazily devoured the frightening Yuan Power. Subsequently, it was transmitted into Lin Dong’s body. 
As those mighty Yuan Power entered his body, it looked as though there were countless Yuan Power snakes wiggling on his body. It was quite a frightening sight. 
One end of the Yuan Power waterfall was connected to the clouds in the sky, while the other was pouring into the black hole. In fact, it looked like a huge dragon that connected the sky to the ground. It was a spectacular sight to behold.
However, it was clearly not an easy task to advance to the Reincarnation stage. 
Soon after the first Yuan Power waterfall descended, the Yuan Power clouds suddenly churned once again. After which, everyone was stunned when they saw ten Yuan Power waterfalls whizzing down from the clouds. They looked just like white dragons, as they bared their claws and charged ferociously towards Lin Dong.
When they saw this sight, Ying Xuanzi and the rest’s expressions changed drastically. In fact, Qingtan even clenched her small hand tightly. Meanwhile, standing beside them, Ying Huanhuan’s icy blue eyes were staring intently at that figure on the mountain peak.
Huff.
Lin Dong had also realized this development. Immediately, his pupils shrunk gently. Soon after, a ruthless expression flashed across his eyes. If he could not survive this trial, how could he possibly dream about surpassing the Ancient Masters?!
“Devouring Ancestral Symbol!”
A low and deep roar was suddenly emitted from Lin Dong’s mouth. Soon after, an extremely pure black light came whistling from his head. After which, black light gathered rapidly above his head, before they finally transformed into a massive black symbol.
As that symbol slowly wiggled, frightening amounts of Devouring Power erupted. Due to that Devouring Power, everyone was shocked when they realized that the Yuan Power within their bodies were actually showing signs of spluttering forth.
“Is that the Devouring Ancestral Symbol?”
Ying Xuanzi and the rest were a little stunned as they looked at that black mysterious ancient symbol. Was this the legendary Devouring Ancestral Symbol?
The Devouring Ancestral Symbol wiggled rapidly. Soon after, it swiftly turned into a black human figure, who looked exactly the same as Lin Dong. However, his eyes were just like black holes as they looked extremely deep and mysterious.
Roar!
That black figure roared towards the sky. Then, a terrifying amount of Devouring Power erupted from his mouth. In fact, even the sky itself was devoured until it became distorted. Moreover, the ten Yuan Power waterfalls were also affected by it, as they crazily poured into the mouth of that black figure together with a frightening momentum.
While Lin Dong devoured at this frightening rate, low and deep explosive noises continuously sounded from within his body. Soon after, everyone was stunned when they saw that his body was swelling at a frightening rate.
Within a short period of time, Lin Dong turned into a million feet tall giant. Meanwhile, the Yuan Power were coursing through his body like a raging python.
Bang!
Suddenly, Lin Dong’s arm, which had swelled to its limits, actually blew apart. Immediately, blood spurted forth, before countless Dao Sect disciples involuntarily exclaimed in shock. Did he fail?
Many pairs of anxiety-filled eyes shot over, only to see that after Lin Dong’s arm blew apart, there was a jade bone arm with a mysterious glow sparkling over it. Moreover, there seemed to be a dragon roar spreading from within his bones.
Life Qi surged, before the blood and flesh on his arm began to regenerate at a frighteningly rate. However, at this moment, various parts of Lin Dong’s body continuously blew apart. As a result, his body was in a complete mess and this sight caused one’s heart to shudder in fear.
Nonetheless, after any part of his body was blown apart after it was stuffed full of Yuan Power, blood and flesh would regenerate quickly. After all, as long as his skeleton and innards remained intact, blood and flesh could regenerate swiftly. 
Thanks to Lin Dong’s powerful Primal Dragon Bone, even though a frightening amount of Yuan Power was pouring into his body, they could not destroy his bones. 
Bang bang bang!
Everyone’s heart was pounding in fear when they heard the sound of flesh exploding from the mountain peak. Meanwhile, a dense blood fog spread from that area, before it finally covered the entire mountain peak.
This explosion continued until evening. Finally, it began to die down. Everyone was looking at that area, however, the dense blood fog was so thick that it was difficult for one to see through. Therefore, no one knew whether Lin Dong had survived.
In the sky, the final Yuan Power waterfall was finally devoured by that black figure, which was formed by the Devouring Ancestral Symbol. Subsequently, that black figure trembled violently before he finally transformed into a black light and shot into that blood fog.
Roar!
A low and deep dragon roar was emitted the moment that black figure shot into that blood fog. Moreover, the pressure radiating from that dragon roar caused countless people to tremble in fear.
A resplendent purple-gold light suddenly ripped through the blood fog, before it shot towards the sky. Soon after, it transformed into a huge purple-gold dragon. Then, that dragon opened its mouth and devoured the viscous blood fog, before it finally roared towards the sky.
That earth shaking dragon roar spread. Following which, the Yuan Power clouds in the sky actually whizzed downwards. Finally, they were all swallowed by that purple-gold dragon.
Warm sunlight once again shone down from the sky. Meanwhile, the frightening Yuan Power pressure also slowly dissipated.
However, every pair of eyes was focused on that humongous purple-gold dragon. Meanwhile, intense light had erupted in that spot, before that purple-gold dragon began to shrink in a distorted fashion. Finally, it once again turned into a skinny figure in front of the crowd.
That man was dressed in black clothes and his black hair was drifting gently with the wind. Meanwhile, there was a faint purple-gold glow on his youthful face, while an authoritative pressure, which could not be described with words, radiated from him.
His dark black eyes were as deep as the night sky, causing one to sink within them.
That man stood in the sky. Following which, he slowly clenched his long hands, before he subsequently released a long and clear roar. Immediately, a ten thousand feet large light pillar erupted from within his body. Finally, it transformed into an enormous light plate above the sky.
That light plate rotated gently. There was no beginning and no end to it, just like Reincarnation. 
“Reincarnation plate…”
Ying Xuanzi and the rest stared at that enormous light plate, before joy surged within their eyes. After all, they knew that once that light plate appeared, it indicated that Lin Dong had truly advanced to the Reincarnation stage!





Chapter 1260: Beginning of the Turmoil
The clouds in the sky scattered as the terrifying aura that had enveloped Dao Sect for the past two months gradually receded.
Lin Dong hovered in the sky as he felt the almost endless and inexhaustible Yuan Power undulations emanating from within his body. A smile surfaced from the corners of his lips. As expected of the Reincarnation stage, the difference from before was akin to heaven and earth. No wonder he had been pushed into such a miserable state by the Seventh Seat King despite his various powerful techniques and the power of two Ancestral Symbols.
However, if he was to meet that fellow again, Lin Dong had the confidence that he would no longer be taken advantage of!
“Big brother Lin Dong.”
A lovely voice emerged from below as Qingtan flew over. She observed Lin Dong from top to bottom, patted her chest and sighed in relief when she saw that nothing had happened to him.
“Are you alright?” Ying Huanhuan also swiftly followed and arrived. Her penetrating and icy eyes were filled with concern.
Lin Dong shook his head and said, “How long was I in cultivation seclusion this time?”
“Two years.” Qingtan replied.
Lin Dong was stunned. Soon after, he saw the playful smile on Qingtan’s lips and immediately angrily pinched her pretty face, “Don’t plan on living anymore huh, to think that you even dare to make fun of me?!”
“I was in the wrong.” Having been disciplined, Qingtan resentfully covered her face with her hand. Lin Dong could not help but be secretly happy as he gazed at this appearance of hers. Soon after, he gently patted her cheeks. He knew that this lass had teased him with the intention of getting him to relax and be happy. When he thought about it, this lass was now the master of Darkness Palace, yet she still remained so obedient before him. This made him feel rather gratified in his heart.
“It’s been two months.” Ying Huanhuan chuckled and said as she watched the pair of siblings cause a small ruckus.
“Two months huh.” Only then did Lin Dong nod his head. He had been lost within space itself and had already lost all sense of time. Fortunately, he had managed to return.
“Hehe, congratulations junior brother Lin Dong.”
Following Qingtan and Ying Huanhuan, Ying Xuanzi, Zhou Tong and the rest also swiftly flew into the sky. Zhou Tong cupped his fists towards Lin Dong as he laughed and said.
Lin Dong returned the gesture as he glanced at Zhou Tong. The latter’s Yuan Spirit was becoming increasingly corporeal and it was likely that it would not be long till he was able to create a physical body. At that time, he would completely recover.
“I have cultivated for so many years and yet am still stuck at the peak of the Samsara stage. A little one like you merely cultivated for a dozen years and has already surpassed me, this truly is…” Ying Xuanzi lamented as he sighed. He felt rather miserable. This world had its share of monsters after all.
Lin Dong laughed. Just as he was about to speak, his expression suddenly changed. A fiery wave suddenly erupted from a distant mountain peak. 
Was it the Flame Master?
“What is it?”
Ying Xuanzi and the rest also detected this sudden change as their expressions filled with alarm.
Swish.
A flash of red light hastily swept over from the distance before appearing before Lin Dong and the rest. It was the Flame Master. However, his body was currently entire red and seemed a little incorporeal.
‘What’s going on?” When Lin Dong saw this change in the Flame Master’s state, he was a little taken back as he hurriedly asked.
“Something has happened in the Chaotic Demon Sea.” The Flame Master’s eyes were rather grim as replied.
Lin Dong’s pupils contracted slightly, “Is it the Yimo?”
“Yes, they have finally started moving.” The Flame master nodded before continuing, “The Chaotic Demon Sea has now fallen into complete chaos as countless Yimo surge out from the bottom of the sea. I believe that this news will soon reach the Eastern Xuan Region.”
Lin Dong’s expression was grave. To have caused such an expression on the Flame Master, this was surely not a small disturbance.
“They also seemed to have found the location of my true body.” The Flame Master said.
Lin Dong’s expression changed. He had visited the lava domain where the Flame Master was located. Something rather terrifying seemed to be sealed there, “Is it because of the thing that has been sealed there? The place that you are suppressing should also be a Devil Suppressing Prison right?”
The Flame Master nodded his head. After some hesitation, he said, “The prison I’m suppressing has the least number of Yimo amongst the three prisons. However, there is an extremely formidable thing there…”
“What?”
“The former mount of the Yimo Emperor, Cosmic Evil Devil King!”
*Gasps*
Around them, Ying Xuanzi and the rest violently sucked in a mouthful of cold air. Although they had not heard of this so-called Cosmic Evil Devil King, they had heard of the Yimo Emperor. The Yimo Emperor was a terrifying existence that even the Symbol Ancestor had to ignite his reincarnation to successfully seal. The mount of such an existence would be extremely frightening.
“The Cosmic Evil Devil King…” Lin Dong’s eyebrows tightly furrowed. The thing that the Tian Yuanzi trio had fused with was also a Cosmic Evil Devil. Its power was exceptionally astonishing, hence, this Cosmic Evil Devil King was surely extraordinary. Else, it would not be under the care of someone like the Flame Master.
“I’m afraid that this Cosmic Evil Devil King’s strength is only slightly inferior to the Devil Prison’s most powerful Heaven Seat King. It will not be easy to deal with if it escapes.” The Flame Master solemnly said.
Lin Dong nodded his head. If this Cosmic Evil Devil King escaped, the Devil Prison’s power would soar and surely change the overall situation. For them, this was a tremendous pressure.
“Is my help needed?” Lin Dong asked.
“It is, however you will not be helping me.” The Flame Master did not hesitate. Lin Dong now had the ability and qualifications to help them.
“Then who will I help?” Lin Dong asked in a puzzled manner.
“You will go to the Chaos Master!” The Flame Master said in a heavy voice, “According to the information I have received, Devil Prison has also discovered the location of the Chaos Master. He suffered extremely serious injuries back then, and is now at the most critical step of his recovery. I intend for you to protect him.”
“The Devil Prison also knows of the Chaos Master’s current condition. If the Chaos Master is injured at such a time, it will greatly weaken our power.”
The Chaos Master was similarly one of the eight ancient masters, and was one of the most powerful pieces on their side. If any accident was to occur, it would be disastrous.
“What about the Thunder Master and the rest?”
Lin Dong was somewhat puzzled as he asked. It was impossible for the Thunder Master to be unaware of such an important matter.
“Devil Prison was prepared this time. The Thunder Master had previously went to scout Devil Prison and is currently trapped. As for the Spatial Master and the Darkness Master, they are being vigilantly watched by Devil Prison and are temporarily unable to get away. Thus, I need you help.” The Flame Master explained.
“As for the Life Death Master, the injuries she suffered back then were second only to little junior sister. I’m afraid that she is likely still be within the cycle of reincarnation…”
“The Life Death Master did not die?” Lin Dong was somewhat surprised. The Life Death Ancestral Symbol was extremely peculiar and had already transformed into human form, which was that little lass Mu Lingshan. According to the Immortal Sage Whale Clan, the Life Death Master was their ancestor, however, when they opened her tomb, they did not find any skeleton but instead an egg. This egg was what the Life Death Ancestral Symbol had transformed into, which hatched later on… becoming Mu Lingshan.
“The Life Death Master controls life and death. She is the one that is least likely to die and should still be alive. She has merely yet to awaken.” The Flame Master replied.
Lin Dong could not help but lick his lips. As the expected of the expert who controlled the Life Death Ancestral Symbol, even death was so difficult…
“To fully suppress the Cosmic Evil Demon King, I have to dispel this apparition of mine. Thus, you must quickly head over.” The Flame Master said. The ripples from his body were growing increasingly intense. It was evident that this apparition of his was about to disappear.
Lin Dong nodded his head. Since such a great disturbance had occurred in the Chaotic Demon Sea, he needed to go over and make sure the Gu Clan, Tang Xinlian, Mu Lingshan and the rest were alright. If the Chaotic Demon Sea was affected, the places they were at would not be spared.
After saying what he needed to, the Flame Master’s gaze turned towards Ying Huanhuan. He hesitated for a while before speaking, “I’m afraid that I cannot continue to stay at your side this time.”
Ying Huanhuan lightly nodded her head. Her slender ice-cold hand gently gasped Lin Dong’s large hand as she replied in a soft voice, “He will not let anything happen to me.”
The Flame Master secretly sighed softly. Soon after, flames suddenly emerged on his body. When the flames faded, his body had disappeared.
Lin Dong knew that the Flame Master had retrieved this avatar of his. Looks like the danger this time was indeed not small. Else, it would not have forced him to take back all of his power.
“Sect master, I will directly head to the Chaotic Demon Sea. Now that Devil Prison has put all of their efforts into the Chaotic Demon Sea, the Eastern Xuan Region should be safe for the time being.” Lin Dong did not hesitate. He tilted his head towards Ying Xuanzi and said.
“Brother Lin Dong, bring me along too! I still haven’t been to the Chaotic Demon Sea!” Qingtan hastily said. She was afraid that Lin Dong would leave her behind.
“Me too.” Ying Huanhuan’s icy and penetrating eyes looked towards Lin Dong and said.
Upon seeing this, Lin Dong could not help but bitterly laugh. After pondering for  a moment, he nodded his head. Qingtan was the Darkness Ancestral Symbol controller and wielded the Darkness Saint Scythe. Hence she would be able to engage in battle with even a true king level Yimo king. Moreover, even he could not really tell how powerful Ying Huanhuan currently was, and she would contribute greatly to their battle power if she came along. Most importantly, he would worry if he left her behind by herself.
“Then the three of us shall go.”
Qingtan immediately smiled happily when she heard this. Even her pretty little face had become substantially more sweet and charming.
“Since that is so, then go. Remember to take care of each other.” Ying Xuanzi nodded his head. Given this trio’s strength, they could go anywhere in this world. There was not much need to worry about them.
“Sect leader, Dao Sect should seal off itself for the time being after we leave incase anything should happen. Let me know if any problem crops up. Now that I have refined the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, I will be able to quickly return here.” Lin Dong said. Although Devil Prison’s power was concentrated in the Chaotic Demon Sea, there was no harm in being careful.
“Okay.”
Ying Xuanzi nodded and responded.
Upon seeing this, Lin Dong no longer delayed. His arms reached out and grabbed Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan. Of the two slim waists, one was as soft as a snake while the other was ice-cold like jade, a feeling that made one feel a somewhat reluctant to part with.
However, Lin Dong currently did not have to mood to enjoy this sensation. With a thought, silver light exploded from his body as the surrounding space started to violently distort.
Ch!
When the silver light faded, everyone saw that the three figures had already disappeared into the distorted space and only violent spatial undulations remained.
Ying Xuanzi watched the trio disappear as he gently spit out a mouthful of air. He exchanged a look with Zhou Tong and the rest as he secretly sighed. This world was finally beginning to fall into turmoil again.





Chapter 1261: Returning to the Chaotic Demon Sea
Chaotic Demon Sea. Northern Underworld Sea Region.
This was a vast and endless ocean and there were many clouds floating lazily in the sky above. The sunlight shone through the clouds, causing the surface of the ocean to appear bright and glittery. It was a quiet and peaceful sight. 
However, this silence did not continue for long as the space in the sky suddenly became distorted. After which, silver light emerged, before three figures appeared from out of nowhere.
A sea breeze greeted them. Lin Dong lifted his head and looked at this familiar looking ocean. Promptly, a look of reminiscence flashed across his eyes. Back then, he arrived at this place after he was forced to flee the Eastern Xuan Region. After which, in order to get his revenge, he trained bitterly with all his strength.
At that time, he experienced many dangerous trials on this seemingly endless ocean. Fortunately, he managed to survive… 
When he first arrived at the Chaotic Demon Sea, he was as ordinary as a rock and was hardly noteworthy. However, by the time he left, his name had spread across the entire Chaotic Demon Sea. Now, when he came back to this ocean, with his current strength, he no longer had to look up to anyone. 
The young man, who was once hunted and forced to flee for his life, had undergone a metamorphosis and soared to the skies.
“Chaotic Demon Sea… I, Lin Dong, have returned!”
Lin Dong lifted his head and let out a long howl. His howl was just like thunder as it rumbled across the surface of the ocean and spread into the distance.
When Ying Huanhuan saw Lin Dong’s excited expression, she gave a gentle smile before she asked, “Back then, did you come here after leaving the Eastern Xuan Region?”
Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath of air. Then, he nodded with a smile. Who could have imagined that he was once forced to act as subservient as an ant when he first arrived at this place? If not for his wits, he would have likely died in this ocean.
“You must have had a difficult time, am I right?” Ying Huanhuan used her icy pretty eyes to stare at Lin Dong before she softly said, “Although I missed you terribly during those three years, you must have had a hard time too.”
She could sense the complicated emotions Lin Dong felt towards this place. Therefore, she was able to guess that he must have experienced numerous life and death situations here. At times, perhaps even he did not know whether he could return to the Eastern Xuan Region alive...
Ying Huanhuan involuntarily bit her lips gently when she thought of this. Promptly, she chided herself for putting up an attitude when they met for the first time after Lin Dong returned from this ocean. After all, even though she had a hard time, but what about him? Who knew what he had gone through? After all, he was used to hiding it beneath his smile and he did not allow others to realize it.
When Lin Dong saw the gentle emotions flowing within Ying Huanhuan’s eyes, he felt touched in his heart. Promptly, he extended his arms and hugged her delicate little waist. Then, he smiled and said, “I am a man. There are some burdens that I naturally have to shoulder.”
“Big brother Lin Dong. In the past, who offended you in here? Let’s head over there and destroy them!” Qingtan said, while her large eyes contained some murderous intent. Though she remained obedient and pampered in front of Lin Dong, she was ultimately the palace master of the Darkness Palace. Moreover, she came out from the Darkness Judgement Hall, and the blood that covered her small fair hands were sufficient to cause one’s heart to shudder.
“I don’t need you to avenge me.” Lin Dong smilingly flicked Qingtan’s snow white forehead. After which, he surveyed his surroundings before he muttered, “I wonder which sea region of the Chaotic Demon Sea are we in?”
Although Lin Dong was able to travel from the Eastern Xuan Region to the Chaotic Demon Sea in a short period of time by relying on the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, the Chaotic Demon Sea was extremely vast and it was impossible for him to accurately pinpoint his location. 
“Let’s walk around and take a look.” Lin Dong shook his head after he failed to pinpoint his location. After which, he dragged both ladies before he swiftly flew forward.
The Chaotic Demon Sea was extremely vast and each sea region was huge. Moreover, the sea region that they were currently in seemed to be a fairly remote one. In fact, even after the three of them flew for over a dozen minutes at an extremely fast speed, they were still unable to spot a single person.
Just as Lin Dong was fretting over this matter, Ying Huanhuan suddenly pointed her fair delicate hand towards the west, “There are people over there. Moreover, there are also Yimo fluctuations.”
Lin Dong looked in that direction, but he was unable to detect anything. Promptly, he felt slightly startled in his heart. It seemed like he was increasingly unable to fathom Ying Huanhuan’s strength.
“It’s just that I am extremely sensitive towards the Yimo fluctuation.”
When she realized that Lin Dong was shocked, Ying Huanhuan gently held Lin Dong’s hand and said.
Lin Dong nodded. At the moment, it was not a good time to talk. Hence, he grabbed both ladies, before a silver light flashed. Instantly, they appeared thirty miles away. With the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, their current travelling speed was clearly far superior compared to before. 
Along the way, Lin Dong tore through the empty space a couple of times. This continued for a couple of minutes before he finally stopped. Then, he stared at his front, only to see that there were over a dozen large ships travelling rapidly across the ocean. Meanwhile, black clouds rolled behind those large ships and the evil demonic aura caused the sky to darken.
The devil clouds quickly caught up with those large ships. After which, countless Yimo charged forward and rained down on those large ships like rain droplets. Battle cries subsequently sounded, before miserable screeches also sounded in waves.
However, their resistance was clearly to no avail. Within a short period of time, three large ships were turned into a bloodbath, before a rich bloody stench spread across the sky.
Lin Dong stared at this scene from afar. Meanwhile, he saw various flags hanging on those large ships. They should be some merchant ships… 
Merchant ships? He wondered if the merchant ships of the Gu clan were amongst them.
Lin Dong’s heart was trembling as he carefully surveyed the place. Then, he was shocked when he realized that there was a flag with the character ‘Gu’, hanging on a large ship at the front.
“There is actually a merchant ship from the Gu clan amongst them? It seems like this place should be near to the Heaven Wind Sea Region.” Lin Dong frowned. Then, he swung his sleeve before silver light flashed and the three of them once again vanished.
The people on the huge merchant ships were scuttering. Meanwhile, many of their faces were filled with fear as they stared at the devil clouds churning over from all directions. Sharp cries of despair sounded in a wave like fashion.
There were dozens of members from the Gu clan clustered together at the front of the merchant ship of the Gu clan. Meanwhile, their expressions were slightly pale. Nonetheless, compared to the rest, they were fairly well-trained. At the very least, they were still holding onto the weapons in their hands. Meanwhile, there were also Yuan Power surging on the surface of their bodies.
“Big brother Yuntian, what should we do now?” A member of the Gu clan looked at the devil clouds that were quickly approaching them. In fact, even his voice was trembling gently.
At this moment, the members of the Gu clan were looking at the middle of their group. At that spot, was a handsome man. Currently, he was looking at the desperate situation in front of them with an ugly expression on his face. 
“Those creatures are far too powerful and we cannot stop them.” He mused for a moment before he clenched his teeth and spoke decisively, “Ya’er, split into groups and escape in the small boats!”
Standing beside him, was a young lady wearing a light green dress and she looked like a lovely young lady. When she heard his words, a bitter smile appeared on her face, “Big brother Yuntian, it’s not as though you have not witnessed how fast they are. It’s impossible for us to escape.”
Currently, Gu Ya was no longer that timid young girl from before. She had a pretty face and she had an outstanding disposition even amongst the top members of the Gu clan.
Gu Yuntian’s body stiffened after he heard those words. Then, he looked at the panicking members of the Gu clan around him. Finally, he sighed miserably, “Even after we managed to charge out from the Martial Gathering Island with much difficulties, we are still unable to escape this calamity.”
The surrounding members of the Gu clan began to despair. The many unexpected changes that occured in the last month made them feel as though they were in a dreamworld. Who could have imagined that the entire Chaotic Demon Sea would actually descend into this state?
“Woosh woosh.”
Suddenly, a deafening rushing wind sound was swiftly transmitted from behind them. Following which, a devil cloud had already caught up to them. Meanwhile, within that devil cloud, countless brutal blood red eyes were staring at them. 
“Tsk tsk.”
A devil figure walked out from within that devil cloud. With a look of derision, he stared at the merchant ship from the Gu clan. After which, he licked his lips, while bloodthirstiness slowly swept forward along with a monstrous demonic aura.
When Gu Yuntian’s group saw this sight, their originally ashen expressions became even paler. This devil figure was likely comparable to an ultimate Samsara stage expert. Hence, how could they possibly fight against him?
“Are we truly fated to die here today?” Gu Yuntian muttered. Standing beside him, Gu Ya gritted her silver teeth tightly. Meanwhile, her small hand, which was holding onto a longsword, was trembling gently.
Everyone around her had a look of despair.
“Gu Ya?”
Just as they had sunk into despair and were waiting to die, a somewhat surprised voice was suddenly transmitted from behind them. When they heard that voice, everyone was stunned. Then, they quickly turned their heads only to see three figures appearing out from nowhere.
“You…”
Gu Ya looked at the youthful figure standing right at the front. First, she was startled. Soon after, a shocked yet joyful look appeared on her small face, “Big brother Lin Dong?”
“Lin Dong?”
Gu Yuntian was also startled. He turned to look, only to see a young man staring at them in midair with a smile on his face. Who else could it be beside Lin Dong?
“Why are you here?” Lin Dong smiled at the Gu Ya duo and asked. While he spoke, he also took a glance at the devil cloud in front of them.
“Big brother Lin Dong, hurry up and leave!”
Gu Ya had also recovered her senses at this moment. Immediately, the joy on her small face disappeared as she hurriedly said, “Hurry up and go. These devils are extremely powerful. Quick, leave!”
When Lin Dong saw Gu Ya’s anxious expression, he chuckled. However, instead of escaping, he he landed at the front of the ship. Then, he spoke to Gu Ya with a smile, “It seems like we are fated. The first person I met when I first arrived at the Chaotic Demon Sea was you. The second time around, it is also you.”
Gu Ya smiled bitterly and shook her head upon seeing this. Big brother Lin Dong was quite a smart chap. However, why was it that he had suddenly became so stupid. Couldn’t he tell that they were in a desperate predicament currently?
“Sigh, brother Lin Dong, it has been a while since we last met… Forget about it, it is pointless to say anything now. To be able to die together, I guess we must be fated.” Gu Yuntian sighed. Meanwhile, the devil clouds had already swept over and even if Lin Dong wanted to escape, there was no time to do so. 
“I do not wish to die.”
Lin Dong grinned and shook his head. After which, his eyes looked at the devil clouds before he said, “Are you guys afraid of those things?”
Lin Dong smiled and extended his hand while he spoke. Then, he clenched his hand. Suddenly, thunderbolts began to gather in the sky, which was originally bright and clear. Finally, they transformed into a ten thousand feet large giant lightning hand, before he smacked those devil clouds.
Bang bang bang!
Wherever that lightning palm swept past, the devil clouds would exploded instantly. In fact, the countless Yimo present within were also caught by the lightning and were turned into ashes immediately.
That lightning hand flashed past before it finally disappeared. After which, the deafening screeches in the sky suddenly stopped. Meanwhile, the various screams from the many merchant ships around them also ceased.
Everyone lifted their heads in shock. At that spot, countless Yimo had turned into ashes before they scattered away. In fact, only the strongest devil figure remained standing, and he was also in complete shock. It looked as though he had yet to recover from the sudden change that took place in front of him.
Of course, he was not the only one that was completely stunned. In fact, even the expressions of Gu Yuntian’s group froze.
This ocean, which was extremely chaotic initially, had became completely silent at this moment. It was quite a comical sight.





Chapter 1262: Island Surrounded by Thousands of Devils
The surface of the ocean was completely silent. A sea breeze blew over and gradually washed away the bloody scent from before. Meanwhile, on the dozens of large ships on the ocean, there were countless individuals staring in shock at the sky. Clearly, they had yet to recover from that sudden change.
Those ruthless devils, who were butchering them previously, were… all dead?
How did this happen?
Some people turned their heads with much difficulties, before they exchanged glances with each other. All of them were at a loss.
“I never expected there to be a Yimo general left…” Lin Dong completely ignored the ocean, which had turned silent, as he turned to look at that completely stunned Yimo general in the sky, before he smilingly said.
“Big… big brother Lin Dong?”
Gu Ya and the rest began to recover their senses. Then, they slowly turned around and stared at Lin Dong with stunned eyes. Their mouths moved before a somewhat dry voice was emitted, “Was this done by you?”
It’s no wonder they were completely stunned. After all, all of them witnessed how incredible Lin Dong was back at the Martial Gathering Island. However, he was merely someone who stood out amongst the younger generation. Although he had also revealed his domineering strength back at the Flame Divine Hall, there was still a distinct gap between him and an ultimate Samsara stage expert. However, that attack from before was something that even a Samsara stage expert could not unleash… 
It has only been one year since they last met, how did Lin Dong become so powerful?
“Let’s finish off that fellow first.” Lin Dong smiled. Then, he turned his attention towards that Yimo general in the sky, before a cold glint flashed across his black eyes.
The Yimo general in the sky suddenly recovered his senses. With shock in his eyes, he stared at the large ship of the Gu clan, before he cried out in a sharp voice, “Brat, how dare you kill members of my Yimo tribe. Are you courting death?!”
“Haha, I have even slaughtered your Ninth Seat King. Even less needs to be said about minions like you.” Lin Dong said with a sadistic laugh. 
“What did you say?!”
Suddenly, the eyes of that Yimo general shrunk. When he stared at Lin Dong, who had a smile on his face, an uneasy sensation abruptly emerged within his heart. Immediately, his eyes rotated before powerful demonic aura erupted. While that demonic aura spread, his body turned into a black light before he quickly fled.
He had actually chosen to flee?
Above the ocean, when the crowd saw that the Yimo general was actually withdrawing without putting up a fight, their jaws nearly fell to the ground. This was a super powerful individual that could match up to a Samsara stage expert. In fact, such a person could be considered as an overlord even across the entire Chaotic Demon Sea. Yet, he was actually such a wastrel? 
Was it because of that man?
Some of them secretly turned their heads to look at that skinny figure standing at the front of the Gu clan’s ship. Just how powerful must he be? Even before he made a move, his enemy had already withdrawn in fear.
With an indifferent expression, Lin Dong stared at that fleeing Yimo general. Then, he slowly extended his hand before he gently clenched it.
Buzz!
The moment Lin Dong clenched his hand, everyone could see that the distant space had suddenly became distorted. After which, it collapsed. Coincidentally, that Yimo was right in the middle of that collapsed space. Immediately, that frightening pressure blew his body apart.
Ahh!
A sharp miserable screech sounded before a stream of demonic aura escaped from that collapsed space. However, even before he could escape, a black hole was formed. Then, that black hole rotated before it devoured him.
The space recovered and that black hole disappeared. That Yimo general, whose strength was comparable to an ultimate Samsara stage expert, had completely vanished… 
The ocean was completely silent once again.
Lin Dong withdrew his gaze before he slowly lowered his hand. Then, he looked at Gu Ya’s group, which was completely speechless, before he laughed and asked, “What are all of you doing here?”
Gu Ya was the first to recover her senses. With a strange expression in her eyes, she glanced at Lin Dong and said, “We were being chased by these Yimo all along and we ended up fleeing to the Northern Underworld Sea Region. Fortunately, we met big brother Lin Dong. Or else...”
“Is this the Northern Underworld Sea Region…” Lin Dong nodded. If he was at the Northern Underworld Sea Region, he was not far from the Heaven Wind Sea Region. It’s no wonder he ended up encountering them.
“Brother Lin Dong, thank you very much.” 
Gu Yuntian had also recovered his senses. Immediately, with gratitude on his face, he cupped his hands towards Lin Dong. Meanwhile, there was some respect in his eyes. This was because after witnessing the previous scene, he knew that the current Lin Dong was no longer the same as before.
Lin Dong smiled and waved his hand. Then, he mused for a moment before he said, “I wish to head to the Martial Gathering Island. Can you guys bring me there?”
The Chaotic Tower was located at the Martial Gathering Island. Therefore, he must first head to the Martial Gathering Island in order to help the Chaos Master.
“Martial Gathering Island?”
When Gu Yuntian heard Lin Dong’s words, his expression changed slightly, before a trace of fear rose within his eyes.
“What is it?” Lin Dong involuntarily asked when he saw his expression.
“Big brother Lin Dong, currently, it’s not a good idea to visit the Martial Gathering Island. That place is like a land of death…” Gu Ya bit her lips and said. “We fled from the Martial Gathering Island.”
Lin Dong frowned. It seems like the Martial Gathering Island was already under attack.
“Big brother Lin Dong, you were away for a long time and aren’t aware of the current situation in the Chaotic Demon Sea. Two months ago, many devils like those from before suddenly showed up in the Chaotic Demon Sea. They were extremely powerful and everywhere they went, no faction could stop them. Moreover, they were also extremely cruel and wherever those demonic aura passed, nothing would remain.” Gu Ya said.
“Our Heaven Wind Sea Region was also affected. Initially, the three great caves and the five big clans formed an alliance. However, they ended up suffering a massive loss in their first clash with those devils, and the army subsequently collapsed.”
Lin Dong nodded. The Devil Prison was indeed frightening. Therefore, how could the factions in the Heaven Wind Sea Region alone compete with them? Being crushed was well within expectations. 
“After that, we retreated and guarded the Martial Gathering Island. As those devils approached, the Chaotic Tower on the island suddenly unleashed a barrier to protect the entire island. This helped to prevent the island from being attacked by those devils.”
“When news spread that one could gain protection if one was at the Martial Gathering Island, various factions from the Heaven Wind Sea Region swarmed towards it and gathered on the island… However, this ended up attracting even more of those devils. Right now, the Martial Gathering Island is completely surrounded and it is impossible to enter. We found an opportunity to escape amidst the chaos.”
When she mentioned this, Gu Ya’s eyes turned dim, “Elder sister Mengqi and Gu Yan are still on the island. Once that defence barrier is broken, it is likely that everyone on the island will die.”
A look of despair began to appear on the faces of the surrounding members of the Gu clan. After all, everyone from their Gu clan was gathered on the Martial Gathering Island. Therefore, if the island fell, it was likely that their Gu clan would perish.
Lin Dong nodded. That defence barrier was likely created by the Chaos Master. However, he was currently at a critical juncture in his recuperation and it was clear that he was unable to unleash his full strength. Moreover, the reason why those Yimo around the island chose not to attack, was likely because they were waiting for powerful individuals to arrive.
“I wish to go there.”
Lin Dong looked at Gu Ya’s group and laughed, “If you guys are unwilling to go to that place, you guys can simply help me by drawing a sea map.”
“Big brother Lin Dong, I will lead you there!” Gu Ya clenched her teeth before she said.
“Little Ya.” Gu Yuntian was startled upon hearing this. Currently, the Martial Gathering Island was in a dire state, and just getting close to it would mean certain death.
“Nothing will happen with big brother Lin Dong around!” Gu Ya shook her head as she looked at Lin Dong. From her words, it was clear that she had great confidence in the latter.
Standing beside Lin Dong, Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan glanced at Gu Ya in a suspicious manner. Finally, they turned and looked at Lin Dong.
When Lin Dong detected this, he involuntarily coughed dryly. After which, he nodded and said, “In that case, you shall follow me to the Martial Gathering Island. Someone has asked me to protect a person over there.”
“Protect a person?” Gu Ya was startled. The Martial Gathering Island was a place that belonged to their five big clans. Therefore, who was Lin Dong going to protect?
“An elder within the Chaotic Tower.” Lin Dong grinned. However, he did not explain it in detail.
“Chaotic Tower?” Gu Ya’s group was startled. Soon after, they came to a faint comprehension. The Chaotic Tower was exceptionally mysterious to begin with and even their five big clans were unable to fathom it. Moreover, could that defence barrier that originated from the Chaotic Tower be related to that mysterious elder?
“We are pressed for time. Let’s hurry to the Martial Gathering Island first. Brother Yuntian, you should look for a safe place to hide. You can return once the crisis on the Martial Gathering Island is over.”
After which, Lin Dong did not say anything more as he glanced at Gu Ya. When he saw her nodding her head, he waved his sleeve. Subsequently, a silver light was emitted before it wrapped around them.
That silver light flashed and the space became distorted. By the time that silver light disappeared, the four of them had already vanished.
Gu Yuntian looked at the four of them, who had vanished, before he involuntarily sighed. Meanwhile, a flicker of hope rose in his heart. Currently, Lin Dong’s abilities were powerful and mysterious. If he could really resolve the crisis on the Martial Gathering Island, their Gu clan would be able to survive… 
“Hopefully, you truly possess the ability to resolve this crisis…”
With Gu Ya leading the way, Lin Dong did not stop during the subsequent journey. Along the way, he saw some Yimo roaming around. However, he simply finished them off with a flip of his palm and did not stop because of them.
With their current speed, they reached the Heaven Wind Sea Region within two hours.
Upon entering the Heaven Wind Sea Region, Lin Dong felt that the demonic aura ripple in his surroundings had suddenly became a lot denser. In fact, there were even dark winds blowing across the surface of the ocean.
Lin Dong’s group once again ripped through space. A few minutes later, they gradually slowed down before they stared at the scene in front of them with a grave expression on their faces. 
Monstrous demonic aura swept over from the horizon, while layers of devil clouds permeated the sky. Meanwhile, countless sharp screeches were continuously emitted. Moreover, the frightening demonic aura caused monstrous waves to continuously churn on the calm ocean surface.
Lin Dong looked past that Yimo army, before he spotted an island deep within. Meanwhile, that island was enveloped by a deep yellow energy barrier.
Lin Dong’s eyes peeked through that energy barrier and it was possible for him to vaguely see an ancient stone tower on that island.
That was the Chaotic Tower.





Chapter 1263: A Familiar Person
The massive light barrier was just like a giant inverted bowl placed down from the sky. After which, the entire Martial Gathering Island was covered by it.
The light barrier was deep yellow in colour and it was a thick and heavy colour. It gave off an indestructible sensation. 
Currently, with just a cursory glance, it was possible to see that every spot on the Martial Gathering Island was packed with people. Regardless of whether it was near the ocean or on the island itself, every inch of it was filled with people. However, their faces were all filled with fear and dread. 
With horror in their eyes, they looked outside the light barrier. At that area, the sky was dark and there were many devil clouds floating in the sky. Meanwhile, it was possible to see countless devil figures shuttling through the devil clouds, while deafening sharp sounds spread into the distance, stirring monstrous waves on the surface of the ocean.
The demonic aura continuously pressed down on the deep yellow light barrier, causing some ripples to appear. When the crowd saw this sight, their hearts began to shudder in fear. This was because they knew that this light barrier was their final line of defence. If it was shattered, they would be completely exposed to the fangs of those Yimo and would have no hope of survival. 
At this moment, in a building situated in the middle of the island, the mood was extremely stifling. Many people were seated within that building, and all of them had dark and gloomy expressions.
“That energy light barrier seems to be weakening…”
Amidst that stifling atmosphere, someone suddenly spoke softly. However, his words caused 
everyone’s eyelids to twitch involuntarily.
“Everyone should try to pitch in. What should we do now?” A white haired old man was the one who spoke. Currently, he was frowning tightly. Meanwhile, two lovely and tall beauties stood behind him. They were Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan.
“What else can we do? Besides camping at the Martial Gathering Island, what else can we do?” Seated opposite them, a gray robed old man coldly said. Meanwhile, a man stood behind this elderly man and he was also rather familiar looking. It was Wei Zhen from the Wei clan.
“In that case, you can simply wait here and die.” The old man from the Gu clan glanced at him before he said in a faint voice.
“Gu Tong. If my Wei clan cannot escape, do you think that your Gu clan can do so?” That gray robed old man became furious upon hearing his words, as he cried out.
Everyone in the building shook their heads helplessly after they saw that the two of them were arguing again.
“Can the both of you pipe down? What is the point of arguing now?!”
At the most prominent spot within this building, sat three figures. They wore different clothes but they had the most say. This was because they were the cave chiefs of the three great caves in the Heaven Wind Sea Region.
There was also a familiar looking man amongst these three great cave chiefs. It was Wu Xuan, the chief of the Demonic Wind Cave. Back then, he had a grudge with Lin Dong. However, as of now, his expression was extremely gloomy because of the predicament that they were currently in. 
“The Yimo outside the Martial Gathering Island are very powerful and we are likely no match for them.” Wu Xuan glanced outside the building. In the distance, he could see the monstrous demonic aura outside the light barrier.
“If we want the situation to change, I’m afraid that we can only rely on that elder within the Chaotic Tower.” The chief of the Heaven Wind Cave sighed and said.
Everyone within the building looked towards the five big clans after his words sounded. After all, the Chaotic Tower was managed by them all along and no one had ever realized that there was actually such a frightening existence within the Chaotic Tower.
When they saw this, the clan leaders of the five big clans shook their heads bitterly. The leader of the Gu clan, Gu Tong, smiled bitterly and said, “In the past, though we were able to enter the Chaotic Tower, we could not reach the final level. However, we were unable to enter the tower ever since that deep yellow light barrier appeared.”
“It seems as though that elder does not wish to be disturbed.” The leader of the Xu clan nodded and said.
“Why don’t… all of you try again?” Wu Xuan thought for a moment before he said. Currently, they were all out of options. However, he was unwilling to give up on this final chance.
The leaders of the five clans sighed upon hearing this, before they nodded their heads. However, all of them knew that this was likely a pointless move.
When he saw this depressing atmosphere, Wu Xuan exchanged glances with the chiefs of the two other great caves. Then, he sighed quietly and shook his head. 
Is there no way we can escape from this calamity?
“Bad news!”
Just as everyone’s heart sunk into despair, a man suddenly ran in frantically before he quickly shouted, “It seems like someone is trying to barge into the Martial Gathering Island. Currently, they are attempting to enter the island!”
Everyone was startled upon hearing this. There was actually someone who dared to come to the Martial Gathering Island now? Was he courting death? 
With shock in their hearts, the crowd left the building and looked into the distance. Outside the deep yellow light barrier, all of them could spot a couple of figures standing in the sky. Meanwhile, demonic aura were churning around them as a large number of Yimo had begun to surround them from afar.
“Is that… Little Ya? And… Lin Dong?” When Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan looked at the few figures outside the light barrier, they were initially shocked before they quickly exclaimed.
“Lin Dong?”
Everyone was stunned when they heard this name. In fact, the expressions of the Wei clan members turned ugly. Clearly, they remembered this young man who had once caused their Wei clan to suffer a huge loss. 
Wu Xuan also frowned slightly. Clearly, he still remembered this name.
“Grandpa, that is Lin Dong. He once helped our Gu clan. Hurry up and let them in. Otherwise, it will be troublesome if the Yimo surrounds them.” Gu Mengqi said anxiously.
The clan leader of the Wei clan hurriedly spoke after her words sounded, “No way. Notwithstanding the fact that this energy light barrier only allows people to leave and not enter, we do not know what they are trying to do. Moreover, you should also know just how cunning the Yimo are. If they are merely Yimo in disguise, can you shoulder the responsibility if we allow them on the island?”
Many experts around him nodded upon hearing this. After all, it was best not to take any risks at this moment.
The expression on Gu Mengqi’s pretty face changed. Then, she stared angrily at the clan leader of the Wei clan. This was because she naturally knew that this fellow was merely looking for an opportunity to create trouble.
At this moment, Gu Tong could only sigh. After all, their Gu clan did not dare to do something like this, which would make them the common enemy of everyone here. This Wei clan was truly despicable.
Gu Mengqi could only stomp her foot upon seeing this. Then, she cried out loud, using Yuan Power to wrap around her clear voice before she delivered it to the outskirts of the island, “Lin Dong, all of you should hurry up and leave. Be careful of the Yimo!”
Lin Dong, who was standing outside the island, surveyed his surroundings after he heard Gu Mengqi’s voice. Immediately, he understood what was going on. After which, he gave a faint smile. It seems like those fellows were as irritating as before.
“There is no need. I will come in by myself.” Lin Dong smiled at the island before he said.
“Chi.”
When they heard his words, every Wei clan member chuckled involuntarily. After all, even the Yimo were unable to break this light barrier. Yet, Lin Dong claimed that he could enter? He must be dreaming.
“Lin Dong, you should hurry up and get lost!” Wei Zhen cried out loud. However, his face was filled with ridicule. He could see that the Yimo were rapidly surrounding Lin Dong. At this moment, it was likely that the latter could not flee even if he wanted to.
Standing beside him, Wu Xuan frowned. This was because he vaguely felt that something was amiss. Therefore, in order to be on the safe side, he did not mock Lin Dong.
“Huh?”
While Wu Xuan frowned, a bright silver light suddenly flashed outside the light barrier. Then, Wu Xuan’s expression changed drastically when he felt that the space was becoming distorted, before shock gushed into his eyes.
Within Wu Xuan’s shocked eyes, he saw that the space in front of him had became distorted. In the next moment, a silver light flashed before four figures appeared from out of nowhere.
“This…”
The crowd around them stared at the four individuals, who had suddenly appeared, before their pupils shrunk. Meanwhile, their eyes were all filled with shock. Lin Dong had actually managed to enter?
“Are you the one who asked me to get lost?” After he appeared, Lin Dong’s dark black eyes stared at the stiff looking Wei Zhen before he laughed faintly.
For some unknown reason, Wei Zhen felt horror surging from within his heart, after he was being stared at by Lin Dong. Immediately, he hid behind the clan leader of the Wei clan.
“Lin Dong, what are you trying to do?!” Though the clan leader of the Wei clan felt that something was amiss, he still cried out in a stern voice.
“Noisy!”
Lin Dong’s eyes turned cold. He flicked his finger before a forcewind shot forth. In the next instant, the clan leader of the Wei clan shook. Immediately, he spat out a mouthful of blood while his body flew backwards in a miserable fashion.
The crowd inhaled a deep breath of cold air upon seeing this. Meanwhile, Wu Xuan’s eyelids begun to twitch rapidly. This was because the clan leader of the Wei clan had advanced to the Samsara stage last year!
“You!” The experts from the Wei clan were all outraged when they saw that their clan leader was attacked. However, even before they could verbally abuse him, Lin Dong had already taken a step forward. Immediately, his frightening aura swept forward and enveloped the entire island.
The terrifying pressure created by his aura caused the originally noisy island to immediately turn silent.
“Re… Reincarnation stage?!”
This time around, even Wu Xuan could no longer hold back the shock in his heart, as he cried out involuntarily.
“Reincarnation stage?!”
Standing above the building, the leaders of the various factions from the Heaven Wind Sea Region were all startled. With shock in their eyes, they stared at that young man. He… he was actually a peak Reincarnation stage expert?!
Gu Tong was stunned. He had heard Gu Mengqi and the rest talk about Lin Dong before. However, he merely thought that he was a junior from the younger generation. However, who could have imagined that this man, whom he perceived to be a junior younger generation member, was in fact a peak Reincarnation stage expert!
Beside him, Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan covered their lips in shock. Meanwhile, their pretty eyes were all filled with shock.
“Haha, it is actually cave chief Wu Xuan.” Lin Dong’s eyes moved, before he turned to look at Wu Xuan and laughed softly. Meanwhile, there was a playful tone in his soft laughter.
When he realized that Lin Dong was staring at him, Wu Xuan’s body stiffened while cold sweat appeared on his forehead. Then, he laughed dryly, “It is actually young brother Lin Dong.”
He was not a fool. Although he had touched Reincarnation currently, he knew that there was still a massive gap between him and a genuine Reincarnation stage expert. In fact, if Lin Dong wanted to make a move on him, it was likely that there was nothing he could do. 
Lin Dong smiled faintly and he hardly paid any attention to Wu Xuan. All he did was to focus his attention on Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan. Then, he cupped his hands together and laughed, “Miss Mengqi, miss Gu Yan. It has been a long time since we last met.”
Lin Dong ignored all the leaders present and only greeted Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan. His action was clearly somewhat inappropriate. However, owing to his frightening strength, no one dared to object. Instead, all of them lowered their heads, while their faces were all filled with fear and respect.
The Gu Mengqi duo exchanged glances. After which, they gave Lin Dong a sweet and beautiful smile. Meanwhile, their pretty eyes were all filled with joy.
Lin Dong turned his head after greeting the two ladies. Then, he looked towards the stone tower in the middle of the island. However, this time around, he detected an extremely ancient and powerful aura radiating from it.
The Chaos Master huh… 





Chapter 1264: Chaos Master
The atmosphere in front of the building was a strange one. Currently, the leaders of the various factions in the Heaven Wind Sea Region all felt a chill over their bodies. In fact, the experts from the Wei clan all had ashen faces, and Wei Zhen’s body was even trembling. With fear in his eyes, he stared at Lin Dong. After all, never did he imagine that this famous little fellow from before, was actually so frightening now.
With his current strength, it was likely that he could exterminate the entire Wei clan with the flip of his palm.
However, Lin Dong merely glanced at him and it seemed like he had no plans to make life difficult for them. After all, once one’s strength reached a certain level, ants like them could hardly provoke him. 
“Haha, young brother Lin Dong, I have long heard about your great name.”
At this moment, the leader of the Gu clan, Gu Tong, had also recovered his senses. Suppressing the waves in his heart, he smiled towards Lin Dong. In fact, when he saw that Lin Dong had greeted Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan, instead of feeling displeased in his heart, he felt great joy. Regardless, it was best as long as Gu clan remained on his good side.
As the leader of the Gu clan, he clearly knew what a peak Reincarnation stage expert represented. In fact, even though nearly every single expert from the Heaven Wind Sea Region was gathered on the Martial Gathering Island, they were nothing in the eyes of a peak Reincarnation stage expert.
“This is my grandfather, the clan leader of the Gu clan, Gu Tong.” Gu Mengqi softly introduced.
“Greetings to the clan leader of the Gu clan.” Lin Dong cupped his hands together towards Gu Tong. After all, he had a good impression of the Gu clan. Moreover, Gu Tong had indirectly helped him in the past, even though he was not acquainted with the former.
Gu Tong hurriedly returned his greetings when he heard this. When he detected the envious eyes from around him, his back straightened slightly. Being able to befriend a top expert like Lin Dong was truly a glorious event for their Gu clan.
“Lin Dong, why did you come here? The Martial Gathering Island is in big trouble now.” Gu Yan involuntarily asked. After all, given what was happening in the Martial Gathering Island, who actually dared to come here now? 
“I have been tasked by someone to protect a person in that tower.” Lin Dong smiled, before he extended his arm and pointed towards the distant Chaotic Tower.
Everyone was stunned. That person in the Chaotic Tower? Could it be that elder who created the energy barrier?
Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan were stunned. However, they chose not to question him further as they simply nodded their heads gently. After which, they turned to look at Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan, who were standing behind Lin Dong. Both of them were gorgeous ladies. One was icy cold and perfect, while the other was pretty and cute. Moreover, their demeanors were extraordinary.
“This is Ying Huanhuan, my martial junior from Dao Sect. This is my younger sister Qingtan.” When he saw this, Lin Dong smilingly introduced the both of them.
Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan smiled towards those two girls. After which, Ying Huanhuan used her icy blue pretty eyes to sweep across Lin Dong’s body. However, there was a strange emotion within her eyes. It was as though she was hinting that Lin Dong had encountered quite a lot of beauties during his cultivation journey.
Lin Dong laughed gently after he detected her actions. After which, he turned his attention towards the leaders of the various factions of the Heaven Wind Sea Region, before he said, “All of you should be aware of the current situation in the Martial Gathering Island. You will all have to listen to me if you wish to keep your lives. Are there any objections?”
There were a huge number of Yimo outside the Martial Gathering Island. If Lin Dong wanted to protect this place, he would have to make use of the people here. After all, by using them to deal with the ordinary Yimo, it could save his time and effort. 
While his eyes swept across this place, a powerful and pressurizing aura spread and covered the entire place. Immediately, this caused the crowd’s hearts to quiver. In fact, even the three great caves chiefs did not dare to object.
“Clan leader Gu, please count the number of people on this island. After which, the various factions will lead their own groups and form a formation. All of you should fight with your full strength once the light barrier is broken.” Lin Dong used his stern eyes to look at the crowd, before he said in a faint voice, “I will help all of you to deal with those Yimo whom you guys cannot deal with. However, those ordinary minions will be left to all of you.”
“Now, we are all on the same boat. Hopefully, we will act as one. If anyone dares to play tricks secretly, I will have no choice but to eliminate them.”
Everyone trembled after they heard his final sentence. Only then, did they understand that the person standing in front of them was no kind-hearted soul.
“What young brother Lin Dong said is right. This matter concerns all our lives. Naturally, we will do our best.” The chief of the Heaven Wind Cave hurriedly said.
“Huanhuan, Qingtan, both of you should stay behind and help me to look after this place.”
Lin Dong nodded upon seeing this. Finally, he turned his head and uttered those words to Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan. Although the Gu clan was one of the five big clans, they were not the strongest faction in the Heaven Wind Sea Region. Therefore, without external aid, it was likely going to be a difficult task to get the crowd to submit to them.
Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan nodded. Then, the latter used her pretty eyes before she surveyed this place. After all, she was the palace master of the Darkness Palace and she was well-versed with such matters.
After he finished speaking, Lin Dong did not linger on. Instead, a silver light flashed across his body before he appeared in front of the Chaotic Tower immediately. Subsequently, he directly charged towards the highest level of the Chaotic Tower.
Everyone was stunned when they saw that he could successfully enter the highest level of the Chaotic Tower. However, though they were secretly shocked, they did not dare to speak up.
“Everyone, please organize your subordinates. It is a complete mess now and it is a strain on my eyes.”
The cute and lively expression on Qingtan’s pretty face slowly disappeared after she saw Lin Dong entering the Chaotic Tower. Then, she clenched her small hand before her huge Darkness Saint Scythe appeared. Following which, she swung her scythe before everyone saw a huge spatial crack appearing in the sky. Immediately, they inhaled a cold breath of air. Clearly, they did not expect that this beautiful and cute girl was actually this frightening as well.
“Everyone should hurry up. I am quite an impatient person. Should I accidentally sweep all of you out from the island, big brother Lin Dong will definitely reprimand me.” Qingtan was hugging her Darkness Saint Scythe as she said in a lazy manner.
“Understood. Understood.”
When they heard Qingtan’s quiet and implicit threat, cold sweat began to roll off the foreheads of the leaders of the various factions in the Heaven Wind Sea Region. Then, they hurriedly retreated and began to organise their own subordinates. After all, all of them were afraid that they might accidentally offend this little grandaunt, whose demeanor had changed the instant Lin Dong left.
Ying Huanhuan looked at the lively scene on this island. However, there were hardly any emotions in her icy blue eyes. Instead, she merely looked at the Chaotic Tower before she muttered to herself, “Chaos Master huh…”
　　……
A purple-gold ocean appeared in Lin Dong’s sight when he first entered the highest level of the Chaotic Tower. The purple-gold energy here was mighty and violent, and they filled every corner of this place.
Lin Dong looked at this ocean like purple-gold energy before he smiled gently. In the past, when he first came to the Chaotic Tower, just obtaining some of this purple-gold energy that had seeped out from this place, had already benefited him tremendously. However, as of now, this energy was no longer attractive to him. 
Lin Dong’s eyes swept across this purple-gold place. After which, his body flashed before he headed rapidly towards the middle. This was because he could sense an ancient and powerful aura gathering at that spot. 
Lin Dong’s body flashed. A couple of minutes later, he finally stopped. After which, with shock in his eyes, he stared at his front. At that spot, a resplendent purple-gold light was scattering forth. Meanwhile, there was a ten thousand feet large giant seated in the middle of that purple-gold light. Moreover, those ocean like purple-gold energy were continuously entering his body through his breath.
That giant’s body was purple-gold in colour and he had rough skin. However, under this roughness was power and might that could not be described with words.
Clearly, this purple-gold giant was the Chaos Master, one of the eight Ancient Masters. In fact, he was also the man with the strongest physical body in the world!
“Chaos Master.”
Lin Dong’s body was hovering in front of that purple-gold giant. Compared to the latter, he was as tiny as an ant. Meanwhile, when he detected how powerful the latter’s physical body was, this caused the Primal Dragon Bone within his body to involuntarily emit a buzzing sound. In fact, it felt as though they wanted to challenge this giant.
“Buzz.”
Vast and mighty purple-gold light suddenly swept out from within the body of that purple-gold giant. After which, he slowly opened his tightly shut eyes. Immediately, two purple-gold rays of light swept towards Lin Dong.
A powerful pressure enveloped Lin Dong after that giant locked his eyes onto him.
Roar!
An earth shaking dragon roar was suddenly emitted from within Lin Dong’s body. Up against such pressure, resplendent purple-gold light also swept out from within Lin Dong’s body. After which, they transformed into a ten thousand feet large purple-gold dragon behind him.
“Primal Dragon Bone?” The giant finally spoke after he saw that huge purple-gold dragon. Meanwhile, his surprised voice was like thunder, as it shook the entire place.
“I am Lin Dong. Pleased to meet you, Chaos Master.” Lin Dong cupped his hands towards the Chaos Master before he said in a clear and loud voice.
“Are you Lin Dong? The Flame Master has already told me about you. You are indeed something special.” The Chaos Master laughed. Though he had a simple and honest look, his large purple-gold eyes occasionally revealed a sharp glint, which completely destroyed his simple and honest image.
Lin Dong nodded gently. He could detect just how powerful the Chaos Master was. However, as of now, the latter’s aura was still a little sluggish. Clearly, it was because the latter had yet to make a complete recovery.
“I’m afraid that I will have to trouble you this time around. I am at a critical juncture in my recuperation and all I need are five more days before I make a completely recovery. However, I believe that those creatures from the Devil Prison will not allow me to do so. Hence, I hope that you can guard this island during the next five days.” The Chaos Master cupped his hands together and said.
“Since I was tasked by the Flame Master, I will naturally do my best to protect this island.” Lin Dong nodded and said.
“Originally, those creatures from the Devil Prison could not detect my presence. However, as I gradually recovered, my aura became increasingly powerful and this ended up allowing them to detect my location.”
The Chaos Master paused. Suddenly he asked, “Little junior sister is also here, am I right? I can sense her aura.”
Lin Dong hesitated for a moment before nodding.
The Chaos Master smiled. With a strange expression in his eyes, he glanced at Lin Dong. However, he did not say anything. Clearly, he also knew about the relationship between Lin Dong and Ying Huanhuan.
“This time around, a Seat King will definitely show up. Can you handle it?”
Lin Dong gave a gentle smile before he nodded his head. With his current strength, as long as it was not a Seat King who had passed three Reincarnation Tribulations, there was no need for him to fear. 
“In that case, I will have to thank you for protecting me.”
The Chaos Master stared at Lin Dong. After which, he spoke quizzically, “I also wish to find out just how capable the man, that little junior sister greatly values, is…”





Chapter 1265: Advent of a Great Battle
After Lin Dong had a brief chat with the Chaos Master, he did not linger in the Chaotic Tower. Currently, the latter was at a critical juncture in his recuperation and it was best to provide him with a quiet environment.
When Lin Dong left the Chaotic Tower, he promptly saw the commotion on the island. Currently, across various parts of the island, there were numerous individuals scuttling around. Occasionally, some stern cries would sound out. However, thanks to these stern cries, the originally chaotic island gradually became orderly as various factions gathered together. In fact, it was much more organized compared to the mess before.
With the Darkness Saint Scythe in her hand, Qingtan stood in the sky as she lazily looked at the scene below. Occasionally, she would gently swing the scythe in her hand. Subsequently, an extremely frightening wind would whiz downwards before it would accidentally land in the vicinity of certain individuals, who were clearly taking their time. Instantly, the land beneath would crack and those people would be so frightened that they became drenched in cold sweat immediately. After which, none of them dared to slack off anymore as they hurriedly moved. After all, they were afraid that the hand of that little grandaunt might slip, and cause the grim reaper like scythe in her hand to land on their heads.
“This lass.”
When Lin Dong saw this scene, he secretly chuckled in his heart. This lass was indeed quite capable. In fact, she was even able to manage the massive Darkness Palace. Therefore, although the Martial Gathering Island was in chaos, it did not pose any difficulties to her.
“Big brother Lin Dong!”
Qingtan also realized that Lin Dong had left the Chaotic Tower. Immediately, a sweet smile appeared on her pretty face before she swiftly flew towards him. Meanwhile, she kept the Darkness Saint Scythe in her small hand. Her lovely and cheerful demeanor was in complete contrast to the icy cold expression she had from before. This caused many experts, who were thoroughly whipped by her, to be taken aback.
Lin Dong smiled at Qingtan. After which, the both of them headed towards a building. The many leaders of the various factions in the Heaven Wind Sea Region hurriedly stood up and greeted them upon seeing this.
“Have you met the Chaos Master?” Ying Huanhuan was seated elegantly, before she used her icy blue pretty eyes to look at Lin Dong and softly inquired.
“Aye.” Lin Dong nodded. “I’m afraid that we will have to guard the Martial Gathering Island for the next five days.”
“Chaos Master? Young brother Lin Dong, what is going on?” Everyone was at a loss after they heard their conversation. Then, the leader of the Gu clan, Gu Tong, asked involuntarily.
“That person in the Chaotic Tower is the Chaos Master, one of the eight Ancient Masters. As long as we can guard this place for the next five days, he will be able to come out from his seclusion. At that time, the crisis will be resolved.” Lin Dong smilingly said. The Chaos Master was about to show up and there was no longer a need to hide.
“Eight Ancient Masters…”
When the crowd heard his words, some of them were clearly at a loss, while others had a face filled with shock. Evidently, they had heard about these peak experts from the ancient times. However, they never expected that a renowned expert in the ancient times was actually lying within the Chaotic Tower.
“Everyone, the Martial Gathering Island is currently being surrounded. For the next five days, we are all on the same boat. Hopefully, everyone can work together in order to tide over this crisis. Otherwise, it is likely that none of us can escape.” Lin Dong’s eyes swept across the crowd as he slowly said.
“Understood!”
Everyone felt their hearts tremble when they saw his glare. Then, they quickly replied in an extremely respectful manner. Initially, all of them were in despair as they were being trapped in this location. However, after Lin Dong showed up, it brought hope to their hearts. Therefore, they would definitely do their best in order to protect this glimmer of hope.
Lin Dong waved his hand before the crowd was dismissed. After they left, there was only three people remaining in the building. Promptly, Lin Dong gently sighed in relief. However, there was a grave expression within his eyes.
“What is it?” Ying Huanhuan asked after she saw Lin Dong’s expression.
“I’m afraid that it is not going to be an easy task to survive the next five days.” Lin Dong said. He had a premonition that this matter would not go smoothly. After all, the Chaos Master was about to regain his peak strength and once he recovered, he would be a massive threat to the Devil Prison. Since the Devil Prison did their best to trap the Thunderbolt Master, Darkness Master and the rest, how could they possibly give up on such an opportunity easily?
“We’ll face the problem when it arrives. To be honest, there is no need for us to fear them. Though they might be able to hold back the Thunderbolt Master and the rest, they would have to send out their elite fighting force.” Ying Huanhuan said.
Lin Dong nodded. Currently, the Thunderbolt Master and the rest were at their peak condition. Therefore, even though the Devil Prison was extremely powerful, in order to deal with them, they had to dispatch their elite fighting force. Hence, it was likely that the Devil Prison could not afford to dispatch too many top experts to deal with them.
Lin Dong lifted his head. Then, he looked at the deep yellow light barrier covering the island before he released a deep breath. Regardless, since he had given his word, he must protect the Chaos Master. After all, if he failed to do so, he would only end up being looked down by those Ancient Masters.
　　……
The despairing atmosphere on the island was greatly reduced after Lin Dong and the rest showed up. Regardless, many people still felt great respect and fear towards a Reincarnation stage expert. Therefore, in their opinion, with such a powerful expert guarding this place, there should be some hope for them.
As hope rose, everyone on the island was deployed. After some strategizing, they formed a fighting formation. Then, they briefly trained for one day. After which, it looked as though they were ready for battle. At the very least, it was much better compared to the complete mess from before.
While the morale on the island was rising, the attacks from the Yimo outside the island also became increasingly intense. Monstrous demonic aura continuously struck that deep yellow energy barrier, causing ripples to churn violently on its surface. When they saw this scene, many people’s bodies became drenched in cold sweat. After all, all of them knew that once that light barrier was broken, an extremely cruel and bloody fight would follow.
Time slowly passed by amidst this tensed wait. Many of the experts on the island felt like one day was akin to a year.
This was the first time that they felt that five days was such a long wait. 
Time slowly flowed by until the fourth day. Meanwhile, the atmosphere on the island also became increasingly tense. This was because there was only a thin layer of that energy light barrier, that was protecting them, left in the sky. 
Lin Dong was sitting quietly at a stone mountain peak in the middle of the island. When he looked at the light barrier in the sky, his dark black eyes became a lot sharper. Soon after, his eyes turned towards the various devil clouds located outside the island. He wondered which Seat King from the Devil Prison was hidden over there.
While Lin Dong was staring at the devil clouds outside the island, a cold aura containing a faint fragrance drifted over from beside him. He turned his head slightly and saw Ying Huanhuan walking over to his side. After which, she sat down beside him. Her waist was so narrow and delicate that it gave one the impulse to embrace her.
“Are you still worried?” A smile appeared on Ying Huanhuan’s face before she asked.
Lin Dong smiled and shook his head. Instead, he merely stared at Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face. This caused the latter to involuntarily glare at him. Her small hands held her face as she asked, “Why are you looking at me in this manner?”
Lin Dong pondered for a moment before he replied, “For some unknown reason, I feel… like you are a little like your previous self.”
Unknowingly, a smile had appeared on her face, which was always covered by a cold aura. Although she was no longer as lively as before, there was now a little warmth to her.
“Is that so?” Ying Huanhuan bit her lips with the back of her teeth. Then, she looked at him and asked, “Do you prefer how I am now, or do you prefer how I was in the past?” 
“You are not allowed to say that you like the both of them!” Ying Huanhuan added.
Lin Dong grinned. Then, he extended his arm and rubbed her long icy blue hair. Immediately, an icy cold sensation was transmitted to his palm. He was silent for a moment before speaking, “I have experienced many life and death bitter training sessions in the Chaotic Demon Sea. At that time, all I was thinking… I wish that you can continue to laugh as happily as before.”
Ying Huanhuan stared at him in shock. Then, she beamed. Meanwhile, her smile was filled with temptation. After which, she gently leaned on Lin Dong’s shoulder.
Lin Dong felt her head leaning on his shoulder. This feeling of being relied upon, was as though he was her entire world.
Drip.
Lin Dong secretly sighed. Suddenly, he felt icy drops on his arm. He hurriedly lowered his head, only to see that Ying Huanhuan, who was leaning on his shoulder, had reddened eyes. Tears gathered. After which, they turned into ice droplets and fell.
“What is it?” Lin Dong quickly asked.
Ying Huanhuan shook her head. Then, she used her icy pretty eyes to look at Lin Dong before she softly said, “One day, if I end up being wilful and act as I please, will you promise not to get mad at me?”
Lin Dong was startled. He did not know why she would suddenly say this.
“I was just joking.” However, even before Lin Dong could ask, Ying Huanhuan suddenly laughed. Then, she stretched her delicate figure, revealing her alluring curves, before she looked at Lin Dong and said, “It has been a long time since I played the zither for you. Allow me to do so now.”
She gently swung her hands after she spoke. Then, a blue light surfaced before a zither formed from cold ice appeared. Following which, she extended her seemingly perfect pair of hands, before her fingers landed gently on her zither.
A rhythmical and melodious zither music slowly drifted from that mountain peak. Finally, it reverberated in the sky above the island. Thanks to this zither music, the originally tensed atmosphere on the island slowly relaxed.
Countless experts were staring at the place where the zither music originated from. At that spot, they could see a beautiful woman gently moving her hands as she sat on top of a stone mountain. Meanwhile, her icy blue long hair was dancing gently. At this moment, she presented a beautiful picture like image that involuntarily caused one to become intoxicated.
Lin Dong looked at the current Ying Huanhuan. Meanwhile, there was an alluring smile on the latter’s face. However, for some unknown reason, it caused his heart to twitch gently.
“Huff.”
Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath of air, before he slowly clenched both his hands. If he was unable to protect what he wanted to protect, what would be the point of his bitter training?
Buzz buzz!
All of a sudden, an unusual noise was transmitted from the sky and it disrupted the intoxicating zither music. Countless pairs of eyes immediately turned towards the source. Then, their bodies stiffened when they saw that cracks were slowly spreading on the energy light barrier in the sky.
Lin Dong also stood up. Meanwhile, a sharp expression began to gather within his dark black eyes. After which, his frightening aura suddenly rippled and spread.
They were finally here… 





Chapter 1266: Meeting the Seventh Seat King Again
Cracks slowly spread over the humongous deep yellow energy light barrier in the sky. The faint cracking noises caused the entire Martial Gathering Island to become quiet as cold sweat dripped from the foreheads of countless individuals.
Lin Dong stood up. His eyes were frosty as he looked at the energy light barrier that was about to shatter. Soon after, he deeply inhaled a breath of air. With a wave of his sleeve, a flash of light shot forward, and turned into a palace of light in the air. It was the Mysterious Divine Palace.
The Mysterious Divine Palace emitted a buzzing sound the moment it appeared as divine equipment flew out and seemed to cover the sky. Subsequently, they flew towards the countless strong individuals on the island.
These divine equipment were covered by a thin layer of gentle white light; the power of the Ancestral Stone. It was able to increase the damage that these weapons could inflict on the Yimo.
“Everyone, if we manage to get through this calamity, these divine equipment will belong to you.” Lin Dong’s eyes swept over the entire island as his clear voice sounded.
Clamor.
An earthshaking uproar immediately erupted from the island after his words sounded as the eyes of countless experts burned with excitement. They hurriedly grabbed the divine equipment heading towards them. The heat in their eyes appeared to be about to melt these equipment.
These divine equipment might not amount to much in Lin Dong’s eyes, but they were genuine treasures to these individuals. Normally speaking, obtaining one would be difficult even after expending all means. Yet, Lin Dong had actually given such a large number to them.
“We will defend Martial Gathering Island till our last breath!”
The confidence in the hearts of the countless experts seemed to rise as they held the divine equipment in their hands. Their excited eyes looked at Lin Dong, while their loud cries resounded in a wave like fashion.
Lin Dong nodded as he watched the now high morale. He subsequently looked towards Ying Huanhuan and said, “I will stop any powerful foes that emerge later on. Both you and Qingtan intercept the other strong Yimo.”
Although he was aware that the current Ying Huanhuan was quite strong, it was best to use such power as little as possible.
Ying Huanhuan lightly nodded. She was aware of Lin Dong’s thoughts and naturally would not voice any objections.
The light barrier in the sky trembled violently, while countless experts floated in the air above the island. Strong Yuan Power gushed out of their bodies. The fear that was originally present in their eyes had gradually disappeared in the face of Lin Dong’s calmness. Instead its place, a fierce glint had appeared in their eyes. They had been forced by the Yimo to flee to this place like homeless strays. The anger within their hearts had already reached the peak.
Buzz buzz.
The light barrier shook increasingly rapidly as the cracks reached their limits. With a final faint crack, the entire light barrier collapsed in the face of the monstrous Demonic Qi assault!
The entire place instantly descended into darkness. The monstrous Demonic Qi that had lingered outside the island for a long time also revealed its true appearance of ferocity. A loud screech sounded as countless Yimo rushed forward in a locust like fashion from within the Demonic Qi clouds and charged towards Martial Gathering Island.
Lin Dong’s expression was indifferent as he watched the attacks that blotted out the sun. With a clench of his fist, countless thunderbolts rushed downwards and ruthlessly charged towards the Demonic Qi clouds.
Bang bang!
Thunder rumbled as everyone watched countless Yimo scream in misery. Charred black bodies gave off black smoke as they continuously fell from the sky.
“Charge!”
Everyone roused themselves as they watched Lin Dong reveal his great power. After which, an earthshaking roar sounded. Soon after, Yuan Power surged crazily as ocean like attacks swept towards those Yimo at the front.
Rumble!
Both sides clashed. Yuan Power and Demonic Qi unfurled.
There was no warm-up. Both parties entered a crazy slaughter the moment they clashed. Severed arms and legs flew in all directions, while the charging Yimo were instantly blasted into nothingness by countless Yuan Power attacks.
It was fortunate that the island was currently well fortified. The waves the Yimo were stopped outside of the island, and they were unable to charge in.
Lin Dong watched the desperate battle and deeply inhaled a breath of air. After which, he shifted his eyes towards the depths of the Demonic Qi clouds, where several extremely frightening Demonic Qi presences were surging.
Ying Huanhuan and Qingtan appeared behind Lin Dong and also looked into the depths of the Demonic Qi clouds. Compared to those ordinary Yimo, the ones which were about to appear next were going to be truly troublesome to deal with.
The Demonic Qi clouds churned as the Yimo attack unknowingly slowed a little. Subsequently, everyone saw terrifying Demonic Qi gathering into a vortex in the air above the island. The vortex rotated, and it was as though the space itself was torn apart.
Faint footsteps echoed from the Demonic Qi vortex as a couple of black figures approached from afar. In the end, they slowly stepped out of the Demonic Qi vortex.
Everyone felt the Yuan Power of the world suddenly flare up as if they had been stimulated by something when these individuals appeared.
“Ha ha, Lin Dong, it seems that you appear wherever I go.” Six devil like figures stood on Demonic Qi. The person in front looked towards Lin Dong, who was in the sky above the island, in a dark and cold fashion as an indifferent laughter slowly spread.
Lin Dong’s eyes immediately looked towards the six devil like figures. The leader’s appearance was extremely familiar. He was surprisingly the Seventh Seat King, who had exchanged blows with Lin Dong back at the Northern Xuan Region!
“It seems that as enemies, our paths frequently cross.”
Lin Dong eyed the Seventh Seat King and smiled faintly. Back then, he had ended up in a miserable state at the hands of the Seventh Seat King. Although he had used the ‘Zenith Sensing Art’ to injure the latter, it was fortunate that the Thunderbolt Master had hurried over in time and forced the Seventh Seat King to withdraw. It was unexpected that the one who had come to deal with the Chaos Master was also this fellow.
Lin Dong’s eyes swept across the area behind the Seventh Seat King. The five other devil like figures also possessed monstrous Demonic Qi. The strength of their Demonic Qi might not match up to the Seventh Seat King, but they were at least as strong as those peak experts who had experienced one Reincarnation Tribulation.
The five of them were Yimo kings who truly belonged to the true king level!
One seat king and five true kings.
In the face of such a lineup, even the expression of someone like Lin Dong became somewhat grave. This Devil Prison had really dispatched a rather strong force.
The Seventh Seat King smiled  coldly as he stared at Lin Dong. Ridicule was revealed in the former’s eyes, “The last time around, the Thunderbolt Master ended up saving you. Who do you think will be able to save you this time around? Those Ancient Masters are likely unable to free themselves for the time being.”
Lin Dong smiled as he leisurely replied, “I will save myself.”
“With just you?” The Seventh Seat King mocked.
Lin Dong nodded. His expression was exceptionally serious as he stared at the Seventh Seat King and slowly said, “This time around, I will kill you.”
The Seventh Seat King licked his lips. There was a cruel and bloodthirsty look on his face. He stared at Lin Dong as his eyes took on an exceptionally sinister look. “I also wish to say the same.”
Lin Dong chuckled as his pitch-black eyes stared at the Seventh Seat King. Mighty Yuan Power gradually spread, drawing in lightning and wind. It was a very intimidating sight.
“The Sky Devouring Corpse can deal with one true king.” Lin Dong swung his sleeve and the Sky Devouring Corpse appeared. With its strength, it should not be too difficult for it to deal with a true king.
“I can able deal with one of them.” Qingtan said. By relying on the Darkness Ancestral Symbol and the Darkness Saint Scythe, she had the strength to deal with one true king despite having yet advance to the Reincarnation stage.
“Leave the other three to me.” Ying Huanhuan smiled slightly. She saw the somewhat worried Lin Dong and said, “There is no need to worry. They are but three true kings.”
Lin Dong pursed his lips. However, he could only nod his head. The Yimo had arrived in a torrential manner. All he could do was to stop the Seventh Seat King. If any one of the five true kings were allowed to act as they please, it was likely that the defence below would be swiftly destroyed. When that happened, the Yimo would charge into the island and they would inevitably disturb the Chaos Master.
“In that case… let’s do it!”
Lin Dong’s eyes suddenly turned icy. He had suffered a loss at the hands of the Seventh Seat King back then. This time around, he would make sure to pay the latter back!
Lin Dong took a step forward as he clenched his hand, and a silver thunderbolt erupted from within. It roared and turned into a lightning dragon which ferociously charged towards the Seventh Seat King.
“Insignificant tricks.”
The Seventh Seat King let out an indifferent laugh. He flicked his finger and Demonic Qi sputtered out. The Demonic Qi quickly entwined around the lightning dragon and suddenly tightened, directly causing the lightning dragon to burst apart.
“Allow this seat king to behead you this time around!”
The Seven Seat King suddenly rushed forth. He clenched his large hand and a devil like hand descended from the sky. It ruthlessly slammed towards Lin Dong.
Lin Dong’s body soared into the sky. He let out a long roar as bright purple-gold light exploded. The entire sky was dyed into  brilliant purple-gold color. After which, ten thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos coiled around his body.
Bang!
Lin Dong closed his five fingers and threw a punch forward. Ten thousand dragons seemed to gallop in the sky as an earthshaking dragon roar resounded. The wind from the fist seemed to penetrate space and smash towards the devil like hand.
Boom!
A frightening energy ripple swept across the sky, causing space to become greatly distorted.
“We should also go.”
A cold glint flashed within Ying Huanhuan’s icy-blue eyes when she saw Lin Dong engage the Seventh Seat King in battle. Her figure shot forward as her five slim fingers extended. Cold Qi spread and transformed into a hundred thousand feet large mysterious ice prison which surrounded the three true kings. After which, a frightening cold spread within the prison as she unleashed formidable attacks towards the three true kings.
Qingtan also attacked and swung the Darkness Saint Scythe in her hand and firmly held back one true king. The true king was quite wary of the formidable Darkness Saint Scythe. For a time, the two of them were locked in battle.
The Sky Devouring Corpse acted in the most blunt manner and fearlessly charged forward. Regardless of how fierce the true king’s attacks were, he relied on the devouring properties of its body to persist.
Intense battles had broken out in the sky above Martial Gathering Island. Terrible auras shot towards the clouds, and one could clearly see it even from a thousand miles away.
Lin Dong and the Seventh Seat King faced off at the highest place in the sky. Their expressions were filled with viciousness. They were aware that regardless of how miserable the situation was, this place was the most important battlefield. As long as they could finish off the other party, they would be able to complete the important task that they had respectively received.
It would inevitably be a desperate battle.





Chapter 1267: Bloody Battle
Vast and mighty Yuan Power swept across the heavens like an endless ocean.
Lin Dong stood in the air while accompanied by wind and lightning. Those pitch-black eyes of his contained a frightening sharpness as he stared at the Seventh Seat King to his front. Monstrous Demonic Qi was surging around the latter’s body.
The Seventh Seat King had an exceptional senses. He discerned Lin Dong’s current strength with a single glance of the latter’s aura. Surprise quickly flashed across his eyes. How did this brat cultivate so quickly. It had only been a couple of months since he last saw the latter, yet the latter had actually advanced from the Samsara stage to the Reincarnation stage.
“I was wondering why you had the courage to fight with me. It turns out that you have actually advanced into the Reincarnation stage.” Surprise flashed across the eyes of the Seventh Seat King before he laughed coldly and said.
Lin Dong parted his lips into a smile when he heard this. However, his smile appeared quite ferocious. He did not reply, but merely slowly clenched his hands. Bright purple-gold light erupted from inside and his body, seemingly causing his body to bulk up in size.
Roar!
A dragon roar reverberated across and the area. Ten thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos circulated around Lin Dong’s body. As they swirled around his body, their frightening power seemed to shake the land.
After Lin Dong truly advanced into the Reincarnation stage, he achieved complete mastery in the Green Heaven Materialized Dragon Skill. Even if Qing Zhi was present, he could only nod his head in admiration in the face of such mastery.
Lin Dong’s body slowly swelled. His skin took on a shade of purple-gold color as purple-gold scales emerged. At this moment, his physical body was approaching the strength of the Chaos Master.
Lin Dong extended his hand and suddenly clenched it. Ten thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos agglomerated in his hand. Subsequently, purple-gold light blossomed and it turned into a purple-gold dragon spear that was a dozen feet long. The dragon spear was covered in scales, and there was a huge dragon mouth at its tip. Sharp dragon teeth from its mouth. Cold light flowed on the spear, and its sharpness was enough to tear space itself apart.
Lin Dong stood in the air. He held the purple-gold dragon spear in his hand as he felt the seemingly endless strength within his body. After which, he involuntarily let out a long howl towards the sky. Thunder rumbled within the howl. This was the first time he had brought out his full power ever since he had advanced to the Reincarnation stage. With this overflowing strength, it was as though he could even shatter the sky with his fist!
Lin Dong’s purple-gold suffused eyes were filled with yearning to do battle. He stared at the Seventh Seat King in an excited manner. What he desired now was a hearty battle!
“Humph.”
The Seventh Seat King let out a cold snort when he saw Lin Dong’s soaring battle intent. His hands slowly lowered as Demonic Qi surged from his palms. His arms gradually lengthened a little and became pitch-black like metal. His nails were now three feet long and appeared akin to sharp swords. Ear-piercing screeching sounds could be heard when his nails gently rubbed against each other.
“You will need to experience two Reincarnation Tribulation to fight this seated king!”
A cold glint flashed across the eyes of the Seventh Seat King. His body moved and he appeared behind Lin Dong in a ghost like fashion. Those sharp nails tore through the air with lightning speed. They ruthlessly pierced towards Lin Dong’s back with indescribable speed and viciousness.
Ch!
The sharp nails accompanied by the Demonic Qi penetrated through Lin Dong’s body. However, no blood flowed out. Instead, the figure began to gradually fade away.
The eyes of the Seventh Seat King narrowed slightly after his attacked missed. He suddenly turned his body as sharp nails thrust forward like a sword.
Clang!
The purple-gold dragon spear was accompanied by a majestic strength as clashed head on against the sharp nails. An energy ripple that was visible to the naked eye spread, causing the surrounding space to be shaken until it distorted.
Dragon spear in hand, the dragon scales on the surface of Lin Dong’s skin flickered with a dazzling luster. His eyes were icy as he stared at the Seventh Seat King. After which, his arm jerked and brilliance exploded from the dragon spear. The dragon spear turned into countless spear shadows that crazily thrust at the Seventh Seat King.
Every one of these spear shadows possessed a frightening power that could kill a Samsara stage expert.
The Seventh Seat King watched the wild and violent spear shadows head towards him from all directions. Demonic Qi burst out from his body and the sinister Devil Emperor Armor was revealed.
Clang clang!
The wild and violent spear shadows ruthlessly landed on the Devil Emperor Armor, sending the Seventh Seat King flying backwards. Faint scars surfaced on the Devil Emperor Armor.
“You have indeed become a lot stronger.”
The Seventh Seat King frowned slightly when he saw the scars on the Devil Emperor Armor. During the last encounter, Lin Dong had only able to damage the Devil Emperor Armor after using his strongest trump card. Now, Lin Dong attacks were able to penetrate the Devil Emperor Armor and slightly impact his body. Nevertheless, such injuries were nothing to him.
Swoosh!
Lin Dong did not show any signs of replying. Silver light flashed on his body and he directly appeared above the Seventh Seat King. The dragon spear in his hand mercilessly pierced towards the top of the Seventh Seat King’s head.
Clang!
A pitch-black arm covered by the Devil Emperor Armor suddenly reached upwards. Like a shield, it blocked the dragon spear. However, the frightening strength that surged from the latter caused the Seventh Seat King’s body to fall slightly.
“Humph!”
A cold glint flashed across the eyes of the Seventh Seat King. His sharp demonic sword like nails drew a tricky arc as they took the opportunity to slash across Lin Dong’s chest.
Scree!
Sparks erupted as the nails cut across the dragon scales, leaving behind a long bloody wound on Lin Dong’s chest. Fresh blood flowed from this wound.
The pain in his chest did not cause Lin Dong’s expression to change at all. Instead, a blood thirsty glint flickered in his pitch-black eyes. Subsequently, his hand slid down along the dragon spear. A strange glow flickered on his arms as they turned into a liquid like state.
Ancient symbols seemed to be floating within the liquid like arms as a mysterious strength spread.
The eyes of the Seventh Seat King flashed when he saw the liquid arms of Lin Dong, which were permeated with the power of the Ancestral Symbols. With a jolt, his body turned into black smoke and rapidly pulled back. The Seventh Seat King knew how formidable the power of the Ancestral Symbols were, and his naturally would not be foolish enough to allow Lin Dong to successfully hit him.
“Can you really avoid this?!”
However, the corners of Lin Dong’s mouth merely lifted to form a cold smile when he saw the Seventh Seat King attempts to dodge. Silver light suddenly flashed and both of his arms seemed reach into space and strangely disappear.
The Seventh Seat King’s pupils shrunk when he saw Lin Dong’s arms disappear. However, before he could react, he saw the space in front of him split apart in a mysterious matter. Two liquid palms extended from within at lightning speed and heavily slammed into his chest.
Bang!
A deep muffled thud emerged and the body of the Seventh Seat King flew backwards. The Demonic Qi within his body surged chaotically. Two half finger deep palm prints could be seen on the Devil Emperor Armor over his chest.
“Spatial Ancestral Symbol?” The Seventh Seat King cried out sharply as his expression changed after receiving the strange attack.
“Congratulations, you are correct!”
A cold glint flashed within Lin Dong’s eyes. His attacks were completely merciless. The Ancestral Symbol hands were violently swung and directly penetrated through space. After which, they mysteriously appeared around the Seventh Seat King. The attacks were completely unpredictable, making it impossible to defend.
Even the Seventh Seat King was caught off-guard in the face of such strange attacks. He managed to block the attacks that descended from all directions by relying on the strong defensive power of the Devil Emperor Armor.
The island below had also descended into an intense battle. However, many people were secretly focused on the fight above. They understood that those two were the ones who would ultimately decide the result of this battle.
They felt both happy and quietly shocked when they saw Lin Dong force the Seventh Seat King into a disadvantageous situation. They were naturally able to sense the strength of the Seventh Seat King. His strength was not something that an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert could match. It was unexpected that Lin Dong actually possessed the ability to fight the latter… 
Who would have imagined that the young man, who had merely represented the Gu Clan in battle back then, would actually become so abnormally strong within a short couple of years.
Bang!
Another Ancestral Symbol fist penetrated space and ruthlessly smashed onto the body of the Seventh Seat King. The frightening power directly forced the latter to take dozens of steps back, and even the area where the latter’s feet landed was slightly shakened.
The Seventh Seat King heavily stomped his foot and forcefully stabilized his body. He looked at the fist imprints on the Devil Emperor Armor. The fury that was originally on his face had diminished at this moment.
“As expected of someone who possesses three Ancestral Symbols…”
The Seventh Seat King lifted his head and deeply inhaled a breath of air. Those demonic eyes gradually became indifferent. However, Lin Dong could detect an extremely violent emotion surging under this indifference. It was obvious that the Seventh Seat King had truly been angered after being violently beaten by Lin Dong.
“Although I really hate you… I truly do not have the time to play with trash like you now!”
Ruthlessness finally surged within the Seventh Seat King’s eyes. After which, he took a step forward as frightening Demonic Qi swept forth. The entire place began to tremble.
The Seventh Seat King glared at Lin Dong as both of his hands suddenly formed many strange seals. Soon after, a mouthful of blood was spat out from his mouth.
Black blood squirmed and wiggled as it turned into a black skull seal. The skull gave off an evil ripple that made one shudder. Such evilness had even surpassed that of the Seventh Seat King himself.
Roar!
The countless Yimo below suddenly roared towards the sky after this extremely evil ripple emerged. Their roars contained an almost zealot like craziness. Some of the Yimo directly knelt down and worshiped the skull seal.
There was a slight change in the expression within Lin Dong’s eyes when he saw this.
The Seventh Seat King smiled ferociously at Lin Dong and said, “Originally, I was planning on using this to deal with the Chaos Master. However, since you are so anxious to die, I will first finish you off.”
The Seventh Seat King formed a seal with his hands and grasp the skull seal within his hands. After which, his body also slowly knelt down. Waves of viscous Demonic Qi overflowed from within his body. Finally, it turned into a ten thousand feet large blurry figure above his head.
The surrounding Yuan Power began to flee the moment this black figure appeared.
Viscous Demonic Qi spread as a hoarse voice was slowly emitted from the Seventh Seat King’s mouth.
“Yimo Emperor, descend!”





Chapter 1268: Yimo Emperor Phantasm
It was as if dusk had suddenly descended upon the land. Even the bright sun in the sky seemed to tremble at this moment as it hid behind the clouds in fear.
Endless Demonic Qi swept across the sky. This entire land seemed to tremble under the huge devil like figure. Flying fish vanished from the surface of the sea and even the sea winds had fallen silent.
The terrible fight on the island also came to a strange stop at this very moment. Countless gazes lifted in horror as they looked upon the devil like figure. Indescribable fear crawled out from the depths of their hearts like vines, causing their faces to turn deathly pale with fear.
The devil like figure was akin to an emperor from another world. It descended in a barbaric fashion, and no one in this world could stop it.
“Yimo… Emperor?” Lin Dong was also shocked as he looked at the devil like figure. Could this be the Yimo Emperor whom only the legendary Symbol Ancestor could match?
“It is merely an Yimo Emperor Phantasm. The Yimo Emperor from back then had been forced out of the crack between the planes by my master and sealed away together with the crack. How could this fellow possibly summon him? Within the skull seal was a thread of the Yimo Emperor’s hair!” Yan’s voice sounded.
“Yimo Emperor Phantasm?”
Lin Dong was initially startled. Soon after, he inhaled a breath of cool air in his heart. Just a thread of hair possessed such a presence? Just how frightening was the Yimo Emperor’s true body?
“Tsk tsk, Lin Dong, it is time for you to die!” Under the Yimo Emperor Phantasm, the Seventh Seat King’s eyes were ferocious. He gave Lin Dong a sinister smile and the seal formed by his hands abruptly changed.
Bang!
The moment his hand seal changed, the Yimo Emperor Phantasm slowly lifting its hand and lightly swatted at Lin Dong.
The Yimo Emperor hand did not possess any shocking energy ripples as it swatted towards Lin Dong. However, the latter felt mortal danger. Just as he was about to dodge, he was horrified to discover that the area around him seemed to have locked, making it impossible to move.
“God damnit!”
Lin Dong cursed. Soon after, his originally pitch-black eyes suddenly turned bright silver. Silver light frantically surged from within his body as he pushed his Spatial Power to the limit.
Huu.
The demonic hand lightly swatted past. Space itself seemed to be swatted into nothingness  wherever it passed. Soon after, the demonic hand landed on Lin Dong’s body under the vicious gaze of the Seventh Seat King.
The demonic hand drifted past. The spot where Lin Dong was standing earlier was now empty. This caused the countless experts below to experience a change in expression. Could it be that Lin Dong had been swatted into nothingness?
“Spatial Ancestral Symbol huh. It is indeed a little troublesome.”
The Seventh Seat King frowned when he saw this. Soon after, he looked into the distance in a dark and cold manner where space was distorting, and Lin Dong’s figure strangely appeared. However, there was now some cold sweat on his forehead. If he was a little slower, it was likely that he would have been struck.
Although being struck would not kill him, it would definitely result in grave injuries.
“I will not allow you to escape again.” The Seventh Seat King chuckled coldly. The seal formed by his hands changed, and the Yimo Emperor Phantasm once again lifted its hand. The hand of darkness appeared to be able to wrap around the sun and moon as it began to smash towards Lin Dong in an overwhelming manner.
Roar!
A fierce glint was burst from Lin Dong’s eyes when he saw this, and he let loose a long dragon like roar. Countless purple-gold dragon tattoos swept out in all directions.
The purple-gold dragon tattoos continuously gathered together. Lin Dong had evidently unleashed the Yuan Power in his body to the limit. In the blink of an eye, a frightening number of fifteen thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos had appeared.
The fifteen thousand dragon tattoos entwined around him. The dragon tattoos roared in unison, releasing a terrifying aura.
Bang!
Lin Dong’s expression was ice-cold. The purple-gold dragon spear flew out of his hand and fifteen thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos followed behind. In the end, they charged towards the Yimo Emperor Phantasm’s giant hand.
“Ha ha, how you dare to resist in front of the emperor. You really overestimate yourself!”
The Seventh Seat King laughed out loud towards the sky upon seeing this. The Yimo Emperor Phantasm’s giant hand clashed with the ten thousand purple-gold dragons as he laughed. No loud sound appeared from the clash. The giant hand merely paused for a split second in the face of this hinderance, before the countless purple-gold dragon tattoos turned to dust and disappeared.
To think that this Yimo Emperor Phantasm had reached such a terrifying level!
On the Gu Clan battle area within the island, horror filled the pretty faces of Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan upon seeing this scene. Soon after, they tightly clenched their hands as they watched that thin figure.
In the sky, Lin Dong’s expression became extremely grave when he saw the fruitlessness of even such a powerful attack. In the next instant, he deeply breathed in. His slender hand extended and lightning began to flicker.
Lightning flowed out and a lightning bow that was filled with power in a flash. Lin Dong pulled with his finger and a black arrow stealthily took shape.
The Seventh Seat King’s pupils shrunk slightly after seeing that Lin Dong had finally taken out this lightning bow and black arrow which had seriously injured him back then. Soon after however, he laughed coldly. He did not believe that Lin Dong would be able to break the Yimo Emperor Phantasm!
“I will let you understand true despair and horror!” The Seventh Seat King eerily stared at Lin Dong with ferociously chilling eyes. 
Lin Dong ignored his gaze. The bow turned into a full moon as the black arrow gently trembled. After which, the Light of Primal Chaos surged from that mysterious place and covered the black arrow.
The vast Yuan Power around him suddenly disappeared at this moment. He was now just like an ordinary person.
Despite his ordinary appearance however, everyone on the island could vaguely feel the monstrous waves churning under that calm and plain surface.
Such power would surely cause even the land to tremble. 
Everyone’s hands suddenly clenched tightly. All of them could feel the power of Lin Dong’s attack. However, was it really possible to deal with that indescribably terrifying Yimo Emperor Phantasm?
If Lin Dong was defeated, the morale of the countless experts on the island would decline, and they would have difficulty stopping the Yimo assault. At that time, it would truly turn into a bloodbath!
Huu.
A breath of white vapour was gently exhaled from Lin Dong’s mouth, as a brilliant light suddenly flitted across those black eyes of his. The light appeared as bright and dazzling as the scorching sun.
Lin Dong suddenly released his finger, which was holding tightly onto the bow string.
Swoosh!
The black arrow did not create any frightening energy ripples when it shot forward. However, its speed was indescribably fast. Everyone could only see a flash of black light. Next, they saw the black arrow powerfully strike the giant hand of the Yimo Emperor Phantasm.
The world seemed to freeze at this moment.
The black arrow and giant hand were in a deadlock. This time around however, the Yimo Emperor's giant hand was no longer able to break through in an easy fashion. The black arrow shook violently as if there was an invisible and frightening strength that completely blocked the terrifying power from the Yimo Emperor's giant hand.
There was neither a magnificent explosion, nor a frightening energy shockwave. However, everyone could sense the terror hidden under this face-off.
The Seventh Seat King firmly stared at the two clashing forces. He suddenly gritted his teeth and a fierce expression flashed across his eyes. Soon after, he slammed his hand heavily onto his chest. Thick and somewhat black crystal like blood was spat out and shot into the Yimo Emperor Phantasm.
The Yimo Emperor Phantasm seemed to become a little clearer as the black essence blood entered it, and a faint red glow seemed to surface in those blurry eyes of it.
“Break it!”
The Seventh Seat King sternly shouted with a twisted expression.
Bang!
The giant Yimo Emperor hand suddenly clenched after his cry sounded and faint cracks abruptly emerged on the black arrow. Finally, it was completely shattered under the giant Yimo Emperor hand.
The expressions of the countless individuals below turned deathly white when the black arrow was shattered. Were they still going to lose in the end?
Urgh.
Lin Dong also spat out a mouthful of blood when the black arrow was destroyed as his body staggered a dozen steps backwards. It was clear that he had also been affected.
“Ha ha!”
The Seventh Seat King let out a loud and piercing laughter upon seeing this. His scattered long hair appeared exceptionally frightening. He looked at Lin Dong and said with a ferocious smile, “Your strongest attack has failed. What else can you do?!”
However, Lin Dong merely silently wiped away the blood at the corner of his lips in response to the Seventh Seat King’s ferocious and loud laughter. He slowly lifted his head and looked at the Seventh Seat King and chuckled. “Such power is still not enough…”
Lin Dong’s laughter faded as he once again slowly pulled the lightning bow. Fresh blood dripped down the bow string. Black light ultimately gathered again. The color of the black arrow seemed to be even deeper than before.
“Are you still not going to give up? It seems that you do not have any other tricks left.” The Seventh Seat King mocked upon seeing Lin Dong pull the bow string again.
Lin Dong ignored his ridicule. His eyes slowly shut and his mind entered the deepest part of his heart. That feeling… he needed it to be clearer...
That mysterious power… was still insufficient.
“Come out…”
A seemingly deep mumble quietly spread within Lin Dong’s heart, while his mind stealthily drifted within the area.
Zenith Sensing Art, just where was it… 
Lin Dong’s consciousness dispersed. Without realising it, his mind had became blurry. However, his heart was as clear as a mirror amidst his blurry thoughts, while an indescribable feeling stealthily spread.
Lin Dong’s consciousness suddenly barged into a domain of Primal Chaos. It felt just like a fetus in its mother’s womb, leaving one so intoxicated that it made one unwilling to awake.
However, the powerful will within his body forcefully extracted his consciousness from its intoxicated state. It was as though there a voice was emitted from his consciousness and ultimately entered that Primal Chaos.
“Give me your power!”
A deep roar seemed to echo within the Primal Chaos as Lin Dong’s consciousness swiftly disappeared...
Lin Dong suddenly opened his tightly shut eyes. A flash of Primal Chaos Light flitted in the depths of his black eyes.
It was as if a strand of Primal Chaos Light that no one could see had shined on the black arrow. After which, the color of the black arrow gradually changed and it ultimately turned into an arrow of Primal Chaos.
A grin slowly formed from the corners of Lin Dong’s lips. After which, he smiled towards the Seventh Seat King and suddenly released the bowstring held in his fingers.
The Primal Chaos arrow was accompanied by that mysterious power as it once again shot across the sky under the attention of countless taunt gazes.





Chapter 1269: Primal Chaos Arrow
A streak of Primal Chaos flashed across the horizon. That momentary brilliance was akin to the light that was born when the world was formed. It gave off the feeling of the ultimate mystery.
While the arrow wrapped by the light of Primal Chaos shot out, the Seventh Seat King’s pupils abruptly tightened. In the next instant, ruthlessness surged out from his eyes.
“Die for this seated king!”
The Seventh Seat King’s expression was twisted. His hands came to together and drew several strange seals as a piercing cry rang out. “Armageddon Hand!”
In the sky, the red light in the eyes of the Yimo Emperor Phantasm quietly blossomed. Subsequently, the Yimo Emeperor’s titanic hand turned a little more corporeal. Seemingly evil to the extreme Demonic Qi surged within its palm. Just a touch of this Demonic Qi was enough to destroy a Reincarnation stage expert.
Swish.
The Yimo Emperor hand reached forward and the sky crumbled. In the next instant, the evil to the extreme hand had already collided against the unremarkable Primal Chaos arrow under countless super tense gazes.
Buzz!
A strange buzzing sound spread in the sky at this moment. Energy ripples that were visible to the naked eye continuously pulsated outwards and ended up almost covering the entire sky.
At the epicenter, the Yimo Emperor hand and the arrow were tightly locked together. However, the Primal Chaos arrow was completely still, and not even the slightest tremble could be seen.
“Roar!”
The ferocity in the Seventh Seat King’s eyes intensified as he watched this scene, and a roar emerged from his throat. Subsequently, an ominous light flickered within his eyes as numerous closely packed cracks appeared on his arm. Fresh black blood flowed unceasingly from the cracks and covered the entire arm in the blink of an eye.
“Tch tch, aren’t you afraid of playing to the death in the clash with this seated king?!”
The Seventh Seat King viciously smiled at Lin Dong with a warped expression. In the next instant, his cracked arm suddenly exploded. Fresh black blood along with several black crystals swept out and charged into the giant Yimo Emperor hand that was facing the Primal Chaos Arrow.
As the fresh blood flowed in, the Yimo Emperor hand turned substantially corporeal. So much so that even the bizarre otherworldly symbols on the giant hand were faintly discernible.
The complexions of the countless experts on the island below instantly paled even further when they saw this scene. This Seventh Seat King was so vicious. He could sacrifice even an arm for the sake of killing Lin Dong…
Was the arrow condensed by Lin Dong’s strongest power going to be defeated this time?
Gu Mengqi and the rest tightly clenched their fists as anxiousness and worry filled their eyes. If Lin Dong was defeated again, the morale on the island would plummet.
“Lin Dong, you can do it…” Gu Yan tightened her tiny fists as she mumbled.
“*Creak*.”
The giant Yimo Emperor hand slowly grabbed downwards, and the Primal Chaos Arrow faintly trembled. A shadow quietly descended as if that Yimo Emperor was reaching out with its hand of ruination.
However, Lin Dong’s expression gradually turned peaceful in response to this turn of events. In the next moment, he deeply breathed in as he softly muttered, “Zenith, destroy the devil!”
Buzz!
The Primal Chaos arrow suddenly jerked and the Light of Primal Chaos exploded. Under the explosion of this radiance, the slowly descending Yimo Emperor hand was forcibly stopped, causing it to no longer be able to close.
The Seventh Seat King’s expression abruptly changed when the Yimo Emperor hand was stopped. Unease suddenly surged in his heart as he gazed upon the Primal Chaos arrow that was as steady as a mountain within the Yimo Emperor hand.
This arrow seemed to be somewhat different than before.
Yee!
While unease surged in the Seventh Seat King’s heart, a clear sound suddenly erupted from the Primal Chaos arrow that had been suppressed by the Yimo Emperor hand since the beginning. All of the spreading Primal Chaos Light suddenly pulled back into the arrow!
Buzz!
The Primal Chaos arrow turned crystal like at this moment as a mysterious yet simple power spread. This power was completely opposite to the evilness from the Yimo Emperor hand, but it gave off an aura of invincibility!
The tail of the arrow shook madly. Soon after, a strange light seemed to surface at the arrow tip and the arrow violently shot forth with a jerk!
Ch!
A magnificent radiance unfurled. Overflowing Yimo Qi burst out from the Yimo Emperor hand in an attempt to stop the sudden explosion of power from the arrow. However, it was as if the arrow had the aid of the gods, and the Primal Chaos Light forcibly ripped apart the layers of almost solid like Yimo Qi. Under the attention of countless astonished gazes, the arrow barbarically pierced the Yimo Emperor hand and ultimately penetrated the Yimo Emperor head like hot knife through butter!
Swish!
The arrow shot out from the Yimo Emperor head and dashed towards the heavens. The light following it gave off an incomparably proud aura akin to a giant dragon.
Bang bang bang!
A series of explosions rang out from within the Yimo Emperor Phantasm’s body. Subsequently, that enormous body exploded under the countless shocked gazes.
The Seventh Seat King blankly gazed at the exploding Yimo Emperor Phantasm as the skull seal in his hand also cracked and exploded. The strand of black hair within it started to burn without fire and quietly turned into ash that drifted away.
Urgh.
A mouthful of thick black blood directly spurted from the Seventh Seat King’s mouth. He was unable to believe this scene. To think that the Yimo Emperor Phantasm was actually destroyed by Lin Dong?!
“How is this possible?!”
While his body trembled, there was a faint trace of terror in his gaze as he looked towards the distant somewhat pale face of Lin Dong who was holding the lightning bow. This had evidently exceeded the Seventh Seat King’s expectations.
On the island, the countless experts were first stunned when they saw this. Soon after, earth shaking cheers erupted. When the terrifying Yimo Emperor Phantasm was destroyed, the frightening pressure also faded. For a time, the morale on the island soared.
Gu Mengqi and Gu Yan exchanged a look and saw the intense joy and surprise in each other’s eyes.
In the sky, the lightning bow in Lin Dong’s hand slowly faded as he listened to the earth shattering cheers from below. It was fortunate that he had advanced to the Reincarnation stage. Or else, it would be very difficult to endure the frightening energy expenditure even with the full recovery powers of the Devouring Ancestral Symbol.
“What else do you have left now?!”
Lin Dong’s ferocious gaze focused on the Seventh Seat King. The latter’s complexion was deathly pale and the Demonic Qi around his body was in disorder. It was obvious that he had suffered extremely serious injuries. This was the best opportunity to beat an enemy while he was down.
The Seventh Seat King’s pupils contracted a little when he saw Lin Dong’s gaze and he secretly clenched his teeth. This brat would become even more difficult to deal with at every encounter. If the Yimo Emperor Phantasm had not stopped the earlier arrow, he would be in an extremely dire state.
Boom!
While the Seventh Seat King’s gaze turned grim, ten thousand purple-gold rays of light once again shot out from around Lin Dong’s body, as dragon roars filled the sky. Space distorted as his body moved, and he appeared in front of the Seventh Seat King. Without any mercy, fists containing mountain destroying power viciously slammed into the Seventh Seat King’s body.
Bang bang bang!
The gravely injured Seventh Seat King’s aura was unsteady. Demonic Qi circulated, but the numerous defences formed were directly blasted apart by Lin Dong’s barbaric attacks. Like a giant purple gold soaring dragon, Lin Dong’s fists slammed into the Seventh Seat King’s body.
Terrifying power exploded, and the Seventh Seat King’s body was immediately sent flying. Fresh black blood continuously spouted from where his arm had been lost, while deep fist imprints could be seen on the extremely dim Devil Emperor Armour on his body.
The current Seventh Seat King seemed to have lost all ability to retaliate.
He spit out a mouthful of black blood and stared at Lin Dong with a twisted face. The bitter resentment in the Seventh Seat King’s eyes seemed to be about to incinerate the latter.
“Go accompany the Ninth Seat King!”
Lin Dong gave the Seventh Seat King a sinister smile. His body once again appeared in front of the latter and with a clench of his fist, ten thousand purple-gold giant dragons gathered together to form a dragon spear once again. Next, the spear ruthlessly thrust towards the Seventh Seat King’s throat.
“So it is you who killed the Ninth Seat King!” Upon hearing these words, the Seventh Seat King’s expression instantly changed.
Lin Dong ignored the Seventh Seat King. With a sinister expression in his eyes, the dragon spear rapidly approached the Seventh Seat King. However, just as the dragon spear was about to reach, Lin Dong saw a strange smile appear on the Seventh Seat King’s face.
“You brat… you really are hard to deal with. However, my mission can reluctantly be considered complete if you are killed…” 
The Seventh Seat King extended his sole arm and steadily grabbed the dragon spear. This terrifying power betrayed his previously weak appearance.
Lin Dong’s pupils shrunk when he saw this bizarre change as unease suddenly rose in his heart. Silver light flashed on his body as he attempted to retreat.
“Trying to leave?”
The Seventh Seat King grinned upon seeing this. His body squirmed and wiggled as two arms forcibly emerged. These two hands formed a strange seal and viscous Demonic Qi surged and blasted Lin Dong’s chest like a bolt of lightning.
Bang!
Even the sky shook for a moment when the Demonic Qi surged. Subsequently, the crowd watched in horror as the previously advantageous Lin Dong was suddenly sent flying backwards as he spit out blood. His chest had even caved in a little and it was clear that he had suffered an extremely grave injury.
Urgh.
A mouthful of fresh blood was spit out from Lin Dong’s mouth. He hastily steadied his body as he cold gaze looked towards the squirming body of the Seventh Seat King. There seemed to be something hidden within his body.
“Hehe, what a strong physical body. To think that you are still alive even after a combined blow from the three of us.”
The Seventh Seat King’s body twisted as a buzzing laughter suddenly emerged from within it. Viscous Demonic Qi surged out of his body and ultimately transformed into two devil like figures by his side under countless astonished gazes.
The two devil figures were tall and well built and one of them was a little slimmer. They were currently smiling as they stared at Lin Dong. However, those smiles were filled with endless killing intent.
“Let me introduce myself. I am Devil Prison’s Eight Seat King.” One of the tall devil like figures faintly smiled and said.
“I seem to have seen you before brat. You are that fellow who obtained the Devouring Master’s inheritance right?” The other devil like figure’s eyes swept across Lin Dong as he smilingly said. His appearance was rather familiar. He was the Tenth Seat King that had appeared back then from within the shattered domain!
To think that there were two seated kings hidden within this Seventh Seat King’s body!
Evidently, this was originally a secret move planned for the Chaos Master. Yet, it had now been forced out by Lin Dong!
On the island, the cheering came to an abrupt halt as the bodies of many experts faintly trembled. The Seventh Seat King alone was already so difficult to deal with. Yet two Yimos that were not inferior to him had appeared?
How could they fight this?!
Lin Dong slowly wiped off the blood at the corner of his mouth. The expression in his eyes was very grave. These Yimo were truly cunning. The situation was now really troublesome.
Given his current strength, dealing with one Seventh Seat King was already the limit. If another two seated kings appeared, it was really going to be…
“No matter what, if you plan on going to the Chaotic Tower, you will have to step over this young master’s dead body.” Lin Dong grinned. His grin was incomparably ferocious. He could only fight to the death in this situation.
“Hehe.”
The three seated kings released a mocking laugh. Without further ado, their bodies moved. They intended to attack together and behead this huge threat known as Lin Dong!
However, just as they were about to strike, the entire area abruptly turned ice-cold. The Cold Qi caused even the surging Demonic Qi to gradually freeze.
Lin Dong also felt this Cold Qi. His expression immediately changed as he hastily cast his gaze downwards, only to find that the ten thousand feet large frost prison had suddenly crumbled. A lovely ice-blue figure slowly walked out from within. Behind her, three ice statues flickered with a dazzling light.
She stood on Cold Qi as she emotionlessly gazed at the three seated kings with her beautiful ice-blue eyes. An icy voice spread in the sky.
“You do not have my permission to kill him.”





Chapter 1270: Ying Huanhuan Intervenes
Cold Qi spread and appeared to engulf the entire area. In the face of this Cold Qi, both the surging evil Demonic Qi and the mighty Yuan Power gradually began to freeze. It was as though they were about to be frozen.
This sudden turn of events caused everyone from both sides to be startled. Countless pairs of eyes shifted towards the origin of the Cold Qi, where they saw Ying Huanhuan gently shifting her feet. Each time she moved, Cold Qi would gather into an ice lotus under her foot.
A lotus was formed with each step, a gorgeously mystical scene.
Behind her were three ice statues that gleamed with cold light. They were the three true kings who were comparable to those who had experienced one Reincarnation Tribulation. Yet, all of them had turned into statues of ice.
“This…”
The many strong individuals present were stunned upon seeing this scene. The Cold Qi emanating from within Ying Huanhuan’s body had surpassed even Lin Dong. This caused their eyes to twitch rapidly, before they finally recovered. The strongest person was not Lin Dong. Instead, it was this icy girl who followed at his side.
“You…”
The Seventh Seat King trio were also greatly startled by this sudden turn of events. Their eyes paused on Ying Huanhuan and they quickly recalled something. Soon after, their pupils shrunk as great shock abruptly surfaced on their faces, “You are the Ice Master?!”
Ice Master. An existence that was only inferior to the Symbol Ancestor during that ancient era. Countless Yimo Kings had been turned into ice statues and shattered to dust at her hands. Even the strongest Heaven Seat King of Devil Prison had been seriously wounded by her in the final clash back then, forcing them to go into hiding, and hence ending the long world war.
This name was dreadfully intimidating for the Yimo.
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty icy-blue eyes looked at the Seventh Seat King trio. She gently clenched her hand and the three ice statues behind were shattered with a ‘bang’, turning into brilliant ice fragments that fell from the sky.
The eyes of the Seventh Seat King trio twitched upon seeing this. No one could have imagined that three true kings would actually appear so weak in Ying Huanhuan’s hands.
Ying Huanhuan finally arrived in front of Lin Dong and looked at his pale face. This man tended to take on all the difficult tasks on his own. At times, he was a little reckless and somewhat overbearing. However, it was also because of this that she felt a faint warmth flowing within her ice-cold heart.
“Huanhuan?” Lin Dong frowned slightly as he looked at frighteningly cold Ying Huanhuan.
Ying Huanhuan smiled at him and placed her cold hand on his body. Subsequently, frost appeared over the injuries on his body as a chilly energy surged into his body and healed Lin Dong’s shaken internal organs.
“Leave them to me.”
Ying Huanhuan’s icy hand touched Lin Dong’s face as she softly said, “You cannot simply allow me to watch you become so badly injured without doing anything right? Such thinking is somewhat selfish.”
Lin Dong was somewhat taken aback. Soon after, he muttered, “I am very selfish.”
“But I like this selfishness of yours.” Ying Huanhuan smiled. Her pretty eyes looked at Lin Dong and said, “However, even if you beat or scold me this time around, I will not simply stand idly by the side and watch.”
Lin Dong looked at Ying Huanhuan. There was a smile on her face. However, this smile seemed to possess a determination that would not be deterred. Finally, he could only sigh softly. “Be careful.”
The smile on Ying Huanhuan’s face brightened when she saw Lin Dong nod his head. She nodded gently and slowly turned her body. Those eyes of hers were already cold enough to freeze the air when they looked at the Seventh Seat King trio again.
The eyelids of the Seventh Seat King trio twitched upon seeing Ying Huanhuan’s expression. After all, the name of the Ice Master was far too famous during that ancient era.
“There is no need to be afraid of her. She isn’t the real Ice Master. She is only the her reincarnation and has yet to fully recover her strength!” The Seventh Seat King gritted his teeth and cried out sternly.
The Eighth Seat King and Tenth Seat King nodded upon hearing this. Their gazes were fixed on Ying Huanhuan as they spoke in a sinister fashion, “It’s just as well. We will deal with her before she completely recovers her powers!”
“I’m afraid that it is impossible for three little mice like you.” Ying Huanhuan extended her finger. Cold Qi gathered over the tips of her jade like fingers and turned into many ice lotuses. Her icy-blue eyes glanced at the three of them as she replied in a faint voice.
“Humph, come and give it a try!”
The Seventh Seat King trio exchanged glances with each other as a dark and cold expression rose in their eyes. They took a step forward simultaneously as three frightening Demonic Qi auras swept out from them. The Seventh Seat King had the weakest aura. Clearly, it was due to being heavily injured by Lin Dong earlier.
Despite this, the eruption of auras from the trio was relatively frightening. The three clusters of Demonic Qi rose to the air like a hundred thousand feet area of smoke. It could be clearly seen even from a thousand miles away.
Roar!
A wild beast like roar was suddenly emitted from their mouths. Fierce glints flashed in their eyes and the seal formed by their hands changed. Three hundred thousand feet large Demonic Qi torrents flew towards Ying Huanhuan with lightning speed.
The Demonic Qi torrents were as viscous as water. The evil aura from them caused one’s hair to stand.
However, Ying Huanhuan merely lifted her pretty eyes in the face of the combined attacks from the trio. She merely stomped her foot lightly when the Demonic Qi torrents were about to strike her body.
Bang!
Cold Qi swept outwards in a wild manner. In an instant, it had already turned into an incomparably large blue ice shield in front of her. The three Demonic Qi torrents arrived. However, before their strength could be unleashed, the extremely overbearing Cold Qi had already spread.
Crack!
The three Demonic Qi torrents started to freeze as a layer of ice spread at a frighteningly rapid pace above the Demonic Qi. In an instant, the three frightening Demonic Qi torrents had turned into three ice pillars that flickered with cold light.
“Damnit!”
The Seventh Seat King trio’s expressions turned ugly when they saw that the Demonic Qi was actually frozen by the Cold Qi. Before they could launch another attack, Ying Huanhuan clenched her hand. Three ice pillars that were a hundred thousand feet long shot forth and ruthlessly charged towards the Seventh Seat King trio.
Boom!
The trio hastily tried to receive the attack with their full strength upon seeing this. Their fists were covered with a dense Demonic Qi as they heavily smashed onto the ice pillars. Two terrifying forces clashed and the ice pillars were shattered into fragments that filled the sky.
Groan.
Although the ice pillars were shattered, the Eighth Seat King and Tenth Seat King released a faint moan. The already injured Seventh Seat King had a pale expression and ended up involuntarily spitting out a mouthful of black blood.
“How powerful!”
The countless people on the island were stunned by the shocking scene of the icy-blue beauty gaining the upper hand despite fighting against three opponents alone. Lin Dong’s performance earlier had already shocked them. However, they never imagined that this lady actually hid such a great power.
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes were frosty. She glanced at the Seventh Seat King trio and lightly walked forward. A chilling aura filled with endless murderous desire accompanied her as she slowly walked towards them.
“Attack together!”
The Seventh Seat King’s heart involuntarily shivered when he saw Ying Huanhuan walked towards them. They had exchanged blows with the Ice Master during that ancient era. However, the result was that they were nearly killed. If they do not join hands, it was likely that they would really die here.
The Eighth Seat King and Tenth Seat King clenched their teeth and nodded.
The seals formed by the trio’s hands changed in an instant. After which, they suddenly crashed together. The trio’s bodies started to squirm and wiggle as sinister looking demonic thorns slowly extended from their bodies. They were just like the devils which had climbed up from hell, an appearance that made one’s heart to tremble.
Ch!
Black blood suddenly shot out from their bodies. The viscous blood quickly gathered in the air above them. Finally, it turned into an extremely mysterious black symbol.
The black devil symbol grew at a frightening speed. In the short span of several breaths, it had turned into a hundred thousand feet large. Moreover, countless demonic arms extended from around the devil symbol. From a distance, it looked just like an evil devil from another world!
Ying Huanhuan lifted her head as her pretty eyes took in the sight of countless demonic arms growing from the devil symbol. The Cold Qi in the depths of her eyes became increasingly astonishing.
“Ten thousand devils gather, Devil Seal of Endless Pain!” The Seventh Seat King trio suddenly roared. Their mournful howl echoed across the sky.
Bang!
That incomparably titanic ten thousand arm devil symbol suddenly jerked. After which, it shot down from the sky. Ten thousand arms were swung, and it seemed as though the sky was being torn apart at this moment.
Hundred thousand feet tall waves rose on the ocean below as loud rumbling resounded in the area.
Lin Dong gazed upon this frightening attack with eyes full of graveness. These Devil Prison’s seated kings were indeed powerful. Such an attack could likely kill any peak level expert who had experienced two Reincarnation Tribulations. 
“I wonder if Huanhuan can receive it.”
Lin Dong looked at the delicate and beautiful icy-blue figure in a somewhat worried manner as his hands tightly clenched. Yuan Power surged within his body. He had decided to unleash the Spatial Ancestral Symbol and rescue her the moment something went wrong.
Ying Huanhuan lifted her head. Her pretty eyes focused on the Endless Pain Devil Seal that was rushing towards her. Her face remained unmoved. She simply allowed the frightening wind to blow over, causing her clothes to flutter and her long icy-blue hair to dance with the wind.
The terrifying devil seal reflected in her pretty icy-blue eyes rapidly expanded. Several breaths later, the huge shadow had already enveloped Ying Huanhuan in front of countless pairs of shocked eyes.
Ying Huanhuan slowly extended her slender arm under those countless watching gazes. Her blue sleeve rolled down and revealed her suet jade like wrist as  her long fingers spread apart. Subsequently, she lifted her hand and lightly touched the ten thousand arm devil symbol. 
“Eternal… Frost.”
A soft and sweet voice, that was pleasant to the ear, accompanied an intense chill as it quietly spread across the sky. The terrifying power of the devil seal suddenly froze at this moment.
Crack!
The pupils of countless individuals suddenly shrunk the moment the devil seal froze. A thick layer of ice suddenly spread from Ying Huanhuan’s hands. After which, it enveloped the entire devil seal at a frightening speed and turned it into a giant block of ice.
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes lifted gently. Her long fingers gently flicked the devil seal.
Bang!
The moment her finger touched it, the devil seal formed from the combined strength of the Seventh Seat King trio completely shattered like a weak glass.





Chapter 1271: Spatial Master
Ice fragments fell from all over the sky like incomparably gorgeous snow. However, under this beauty hid a frightening strength that made one shudder.
Who could have imagined that the combined attack of the Seventh Seat King trio would actually be broken by her with such ease.
“Is this the power of the Ice Master?”
Lin Dong’s fists involuntarily tightened upon witnessing this scene. Such power was indeed without equal. No wonder she was able to become the strongest person after the Symbol Ancestor.
Grug!
The Seventh Seat King trio in the sky were dumbstruck as they gazed upon this scene. Soon after, they involuntarily spat out a mouthful of black blood. The Demonic Qi around them rapidly weakened as they trembled. It was obvious that they had been badly injured.
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes were emotionless as she looked at the Seventh Seat King trio. Her body moved, and she appeared in front them in a ghost like fashion as frightening Cold Qi swept forth from her hand!
The expressions of the Seventh Seat King trio drastically changed when they saw that Ying Huanhuan refused to give them any opportunity to catch their breath. The trio moved and retreated in different directions. 
Ch!
Cold Qi gathered in Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes. With a clench of her hand, a long ice-blue spear extended from within it. It shook and split into three. The three icy shadows caught up to the Seventh Seat King trio, penetrating the air as they ruthlessly pierced towards the trio. 
Bang!
The expressions in the Seventh Seat King trio’s eyes rapidly changed when they saw Ying Huanhuan’s relentless pursuit. A low roar rang out as monstrous Demonic Qi swept forth and transformed into a huge Demonic Qi light barrier in front of them. This was an attempt to obstruct Ying Huanhuan.
However, the coldness in Ying Huanhuan’s eyes intensified in response to their defence. The ice spear in her hand did not hesitate and thrust straight into the Demonic Qi!
Crack!
The viscous Demonic Qi instantly turned into ice, while the ice spear easily penetrated through, and ruthlessly pierced their bodies.
Hiss hiss.
The incomparably powerful Devil Emperor Armour distorted and deformed due to the ice spear. In the end, it was pierced by Cold Qi. The ice spear, which contained an indescribably Cold Qi, penetrated the bodies of the trio.
Grug.
The bodies of the trio flew backwards in a miserable fashion as they wildly spat out black blood. The Cold Qi on their bodies spread, causing a thin layer of frost to appear on the surface of their bodies.
Hu.
Lin Dong watched as the Seventh Seat King trio in the blink of an eye and lightly exhaled. This power was truly terrifying. The current Ying Huanhuan had yet to fully awaken, yet, her strength had likely already surpassed ordinary top experts who had experienced two Reincarnation Tribulations. He wondered just how frightening her strength would be when she finally awakened completely.
In the sky, the Seventh Seat King trio were forced to gather together again. Demonic Qi continuously gushed from their bodies to block the erosion of Cold Qi. They understood that should their bodies become frozen, they would end up turning into ice fragments with a flick of Ying Huanhuan’s finger. Back then, several Yimo, who were stronger than them, had ended up dying in such a manner under her fair jade like hands.
The three of them watched as Ying Huanhuan once again cast her gaze at them, as terror flitted across their eyes.
Ying Huanhuan’s penetrating icy-blue eyes were still void of any emotion. At this moment, she was akin to an ice. All emotions had been frozen under this layer of ice.
“All of you… ought to die.”
She looked at the Seventh Seat King trio and mumbled to herself. Her body moved and an ancient ice-cold symbol surfaced. After which, it turned into a ray of light composed of the ultimate Cold Qi and shot towards the trio.
Ch!
The light beam tore through the sky. It seemed as though space itself had been frozen by the Cold Qi. Subsequently, the Seventh Seat King trio were horrified to fell the space around them freeze, causing them to be unable to even move. All they could do was watch the Cold Qi light ray rush over while accompanied by a destructive force.
An extremely intense fear suddenly surged from their eyes.
However, the space in front of the trio suddenly distorted just as the Cold Qi light ray was about to engulf them. Subsequently, a black figure appeared out of nowhere.
“Ha ha, Ice Master, why bully these young fellas with your status?!”
The black figure laughed softly the moment it appeared. However, the soft laughter contained a graveness and wariness that could not be hidden. Subsequently, he extended his hand, and a strange evil eye appeared within it.
He opened his hand and the evil eye also suddenly opened. A pitch-black, heart-chilling and viscous beam of light shot out from the eye. Finally, it collided with the Cold Qi light ray.
The two destructive light rays violently clashed, as a frightening ripple unfurled, tearing apart the clouds in the sky.
The sky shook and Ying Huanhuan’s enchanting figure faintly trembled. She was forced a couple of steps back. Those pretty eyes of hers were suffused with frost as she looked at the black figure that had appeared and said, “Third Seat King? Finally willing to show yourself?”
All eyes present converged and saw a black clothed man standing with a smile in front of the Seventh Seat King. His hand was currently covered by a thin layer of ice, while the evil eye in his hand had been sealed shut.
“Third Seat King?!”
Lin Dong’s expression involuntarily changed upon hearing these words. His body moved and he quickly appeared behind Ying Huanhuan. He could detect an extremely dense and dangerous fluctuation from the body of this Third Seat King.
Clearly, this fellow was someone with a strength comparable to those top experts who had experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations!
Such a person was considered the top fighting strength of the Yimo even during the great world war. It was unexpected that even such an existence had made an appearance this time around.
The Third Seat King glanced at Lin Dong. Subsequently, he smiled. With a faint jerk, he shattered the thin layer of ice on his hand. As he slowly lifted his head, Lin Dong discovered an extremely ferocious looking scar on the right side of his face. The scar stretched from the corner of his lips to the back of his ear. At a glance, it seemed as if someone had once cut open his head.
“Since you are here, I originally did not wish to reveal myself. After all, this wound made me a little afraid.” The Third Seat King smilingly said as his finger traced the ferocious scar on his face. However, that smile of his appeared increasingly warm.
Ying Huanhuan indifferently glanced at him, while frightening Cold Qi gathered in her hand. “In that case, I shall freeze you into an ice statue this time around.”
“Hehe.”
The Third Seat King softly chuckled and said, “I’m afraid that the current you won’t be able to do it.”
“In that case, you can come and give it a try.” Ying Huanhuan’s eyes remained ice-cold. With a swirl of her hand, an extremely frightening Cold Qi swept out from her body, causing the surrounding space to emit slight cracking sounds.
The Third Seat King stared at Ying Huanhuan as the smile on his face grew increasingly wider. “Haha, I really want to kill you. Back then, I was turned into such a miserable state by you, leading to me losing all my face in front of the emperor…”
The gentle looking face of the Third Seat King gradually distorted after his words sounded. His eyes contained an endless bitterness and resentment.
“I will definitely kill you today!”
The Third Seat King suddenly took a step forward as Demonic Qi dashed towards the sky, directly covering the area with a thousand miles. Even the scorching sun in the sky had been engulfed by Demonic Qi and no longer dared to show itself.
This aura caused the land the shake.
The expression in Lin Dong’s eyes changed when he saw this. One of his hands pulled Ying Huanhuan’s icy cool hand.
Ying Huanhuan detected Lin Dong’s actions and her delicate body stiffened slightly. Subsequently, she gradually relaxed. She turned her head and gave Lin Dong a reassuring smile.
“He won’t be able to attack.”
Lin Dong was startled upon hearing this. He was clearly unable to comprehend what she meant.
“Someone will stop him.” Ying Huanhuan faintly smiled. Soon after, she looked towards a certain part spot. “Do you still like to hide so much?”
“Heh heh, little junior sister's senses are as sharp as ever.”
The space at that spot gradually distorted after her voice sounded. Subsequently, a soft laugher spread. As space distorted, a silver robed figure slowly walked out from within.
The figure’s pale hair scattered from his head, and his body appeared rather skinny. However, the most unusual aspect was his eyes. Those eyes were a resplendent silver, and  it was as though there was an extremely mysterious ripple within it.
Surprise flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes when he saw this figure. This was because this person was actually the mysterious individual whom he had encountered at the deepest part of the Celestial Demon Marten tribe cave!
This person was actually also one of the eight ancient masters?
“This must be Lin Dong, right?” The silver eyed man smilingly looked at Lin Dong. After which, he glanced at the latter’s hand, which was holding Ying Huanhuan. The corners of his lips curled slightly as he said, “That seems to be the case.”
“You are… the Spatial Master?” Lin Dong looked at the silver eyed man. He could feel the Spatial Ancestral Symbol in his body shake slightly when the latter appeared, and immediately understood the latter’s identity.
The silver eyed man smiled and nodded, “My apologies. I was previously trapped for some time because of the techniques of Devil Prison. However, I did not slack off little junior sister. Take a look, I came the moment I escaped. At least I am faster than the Lightning Master, right?”
Ying Huanhuan’s icy-blue eyes glanced at him indifferently. Only than did the Spatial Master paused and helplessly shook his head, “Why are you still like this…”
He turned around after speaking and smilingly looked at the Third Seat King. “Ah, anl old acquaintance. Have you been well over the years? Wasn’t your face torn apart by little junior sister back then? Eh, you recovered?”
Lin Dong was a little stunned. Why did he feel that this Spatial Master was somewhat talkative? The earlier extraordinary demeanor displayed when he appeared had been greatly diminished by his chattiness.
The Third Seat King frowned as he looked at the Spatial Symbol Master who managed to get here in time. The former sighed helplessly in his heart. This person was really quick.
“It looks I won’t be able to kill her today.”
The Third Seat King lazily stretched his waist. A strange smile was lifted from the corners of his lips. “However, we have also achieved our aim.”
Ying Huanhuan and the Spatial Master’s eyes suddenly hardened upon hearing this.
It was at this moment that Lin Dong’s heart violently thudded. He hurriedly turned his head towards the distant ocean where he suddenly felt an extremely ruthless Demonic Qi appear at an extremely distant place.
Ying Huanhuan lightly exhaled. Her eyes became completely ice-cold.
“The Cosmic Evil Devil King… has escaped.”





Chapter 1272: Gathering of the Strong
“Cosmic Evil Devil King?”
Lin Dong’s expression changed drastically upon hearing this. The Flame Master had mentioned before that the Devil Suppressing Prison he was suppressing was primarily to suppress the Cosmic Evil Devil King. He had even withdrew the power of his avatar because of this unexpected occurrence. In spite of this, he had still failed to suppress the Cosmic Evil Devil King?
The smile on the Spatial Master’s face slowly receded. An icy glint flickered in his slivey eyes as he stared at the Third Seat King and coldly said, “So the reason you invested such a great amount of forces is not because you intended to attack the Chaos Master. Instead, you were planning on rescuing the Cosmic Evil Devil King.”
“Hehe, that is not completely true. It will naturally be best if we can both rescue the Cosmic Evil Devil King and take the opportunity to kill the Chaos Master.” The Third Seat King smiled faintly and said.
“In that case, I can only make up for it by having you remain here.”
A smile surfaced on the face of the Spatial Master. However, his smile was filled with iciness. Soon after, he slowly extended a rather skinny hand from his sleeve. Silver light flashed at the tips of his fingers. It was a power that Lin Dong was extremely familiar with, the power of the Spatial Ancestral Symbol.
“Is that so?”
The Third Seat King narrowed his eyes. That mysterious eye on his palm once again cracked open.
“You have been an eyesore since back then. I must at least give you two slaps today!” The Spatial Master retorted with a chuckle.
“Ha ha.” The Third Seat King also smiled faintly. His pupils suddenly shrunk an instant later. That palm of his, which contained the strange eye, suddenly slapped furiously behind him as monstrous Demonic Qi unfurled.
Bang!
The demonic palm swept past and an area of space suddenly distorted. A fist that flickered with a silver glow was thrown. It clashed head on with the demonic palm. Violent ripples spread and a thunderous sound spread in the sky. 
“You still like to use such tricks even after all these years.” The Third Seat King turned his head, looked at the silver eyed figure that had appeared behind him and remarked with a sneer.
A startled expression flitted across Lin Dong’s eyes upon seeing this. He glanced at where the Spatial Master had been previously standing, only to find that the ‘Spatial Master’ there was slowly disappearing. Clearly, the latter had already attacked before Lin Dong had sensed anything.
“As expected of the Spatial Master.” Lin Dong secretly praised in his heart. It had not been long since he had obtained the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, he was obviously inferior to the Spatial Master in terms of Spatial Power control.
“Ha ha, you aren’t bad either. At least you didn’t become stupid after hiding for so many years.” The Spatial Master laughed. The silver light in his palm flashed and the space suddenly distorted. Two silver spatial blades were just like scissors that extended towards the Third Seat King like lightning.
Demonic Qi surged from within the Third Seat King’s body, and turned into a Demonic Qi light pillar that protected him. At the same time, it blocked the spatial blades.
Both parties attacked at lightning speed. However, the frightening power contained within their attacks was clearly felt by Lin Dong. At such a level, every strike was the condensation of utmost power.
“They seem to be quite similar in terms of strength.”
Lin Dong softly said after watching the two of them exchange blows. Although the Spatial Master and the Third Seat King had friendly smiles on their faces. Their attacks were extremely vicious and ruthless. However, they were similar in strength, and  it was difficult for either of them to obtain the upper hand in this fight.
“Aye. They have the strength of one who has experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations. If they simply fought in this manner, it would be extremely difficult to determine the victor.” Ying Huanhuan nodded gently and said, “Moreover, neither of them have any intentions of killing the other party. This fight will not last for long.”
Lin Dong nodded. They were clearly aware that neither of them was unable to kill the other party if this continued. Hence, their murderous intent was a little weak. Nevertheless, Lin Dong understood that they would one day have to fight to their deaths. Things would really be a little terrifying when that time came.
Bang!
Silver light and flashes of black interweaved in the sky. The two figures shook slightly. After which, they stabilized their bodies.
“Spatial Master, you cannot kill me. Why waste time here? Are you waiting for something?” The Third Seat King smiled coldly and asked.
“Aren’t you also waiting?” The Spatial Master smilingly said.
Lin Dong helplessly shook his head when he saw the similarly false smiles that hid evil intentions on the two. This matter was becoming increasingly troublesome.
“Isolate those Yimo below.” Lin Dong glanced at the somewhat chaotic Martial Gathering Island. After which, he turned his head towards Ying Huanhuan and said.
“Okay.”
Ying Huanhuan nodded. With a wave of her hand, the air froze into ice. After which, the ice spread downwards like an ice wall and quickly isolated the entire Martial Gathering Island. The Yimo were kept outside of the ice wall and were unable to enter.
This technique of Ying Huanhuan made Lin Dong involuntarily rub his nose. He was a little depressed.
Ying Huanhuan’s icy cool hand could not help but grab Lin Dong’s large hand as if sensing his mood. A faint smile surfaced on her cold and beautiful face. That momentarily smile was like a blooming snow lotus on an ice mountain.
“Ha! Little junior sister, you smiled!” Before Lin Dong’s breath could be taken away by her smile, the Spatial Master had already widened his eyes as he pointed at Ying Huanhuan and cried out loud.
Lin Dong looked at the Spatial Master, who currently appeared overly excited despite the impressive demeanor shown when he first appeared. He was neither able to laugh nor cry. The other ancient masters were all calm and steady. On the other hand, after he opened his mouth, the fellow who had looked rather impressive when he fought with the Third Seat King… now appeared very unique.
“Little junior sister, I never imagined that you would be so pretty when you smile. You should smile more often in future. In this way, all the seniors will have more strength to exterminate the Yimos.” The Spatial Master approached and said with a grin.
“Shut up!” Ying Huanhuan clenched her teeth violently and glared at the Spatial Master.
The Spatial Master laughed dryly. After which, he patted Lin Dong’s shoulder and gave him a thumbs up. “Brother, you are really awesome. You can even get hold of such an ice mountain. I really… aih, I only just awakened and my brain isn’t working well. You must not take my words to heart.”
The Spatial Master’s expression suddenly became grave before he could finish speaking, and he spoke to Lin Dong in an extremely serious manner.
Lin Dong responded with a dry laugh. He had seen an ice sword extending from Ying Huanhuan’s hand. After which, it was placed on the Spatial Master waist.
After causing mischief for a while, the Spatial Master’s expression gradually turned grave as he softly remarked, “They are here.”
Lin Dong faintly nodded. He had also detected an extremely frightening ripple rapidly approaching under the sea.
Cold Qi suddenly gathered in Ying Huanhuan’s hands. Her pretty icy-blue eyes swept  over the sea below.
Bang!
Soon after the voice of the Ancient Master sounded, a ten thousand feet whirlpool suddenly formed on the surface of the sea below. Overflowing Demonic Qi swept out from the whirlpool. Finally, a hundred thousand feet large black shadow suddenly shot out from within.
Dusk descended the moment this black figure appeared. Lin Dong looked over, and his pupils slightly contracted when he saw the demonic figure. It was a hundred thousand feet large and its body was a metallic pitch-black. Many ferocious looking wounds covered its body. It did not have any eyes, only an enormous mouth filled with sharp black teeth. Moreover, eight gigantic demonic arms extended from its huge body.
“Cosmic Evil Devil King?”
Lin Dong recognised it the moment it appeared. It was exactly the same as the Cosmic Evil Devil the three great heads of Yuan Gate had parasitic relation with back then. However, that ordinary Cosmic Evil Devil only had four demonic arms. This fellow however, had eight.
Additionally, the aura of this Cosmic Evil Devil King had reached an extremely terrifying level. Although this aura was currently unstable due to unrecovered heavy injuries, Lin Dong could faintly sense that this fellow was even stronger than the Third Seat King at its peak.
No wonder the Flame Master had said that within Devil Prison, this Cosmic Evil Devil King was only a little weaker than the strongest Heaven Seat King.
The Cosmic Evil Devil King appeared in the sky. It subsequently turned towards Ying Huanhuan and a roar, which seemed to have originated from countless wild beasts, was emitted, “Ice Master? You are indeed still alive!”
This Cosmic Evil Devil King clearly possessed great intelligence. Although it did not have any eyes, it was still able to sense Ying Huanhuan’s existence.
“It is unexpected that a beast like you has escaped.” Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes were icy as she looked at the Cosmic Evil Devil King and said.
“Ha ha, we really exhausted ourselves in order to rescue him.”
Laughter was suddenly transmitted from the shoulder of the Cosmic Demon King, as two figures slowly appeared. Subsequently, they bowed slightly towards Ying Huanhuan, “Ice Master, it has been over ten thousand years since we met. How have you been.”
“Oh! It is the Fourth Seat King and the Fifth Seat King… looks like all of you have turned up.” The Spatial Master looked at the two figures. His eyes hardened slightly as he smilingly said.
Lin Dong grabbed his lightning bow tightly. His eyes were filled with caution. The lineup in front of him was indeed far too frightening. Three of the top five seated kings from Devil Prison had come. If the Cosmic Evil Devil King was included, it would mean that there were four peak experts comparable with those who had experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations.
“We didn’t have a choice. It wasn’t easy to deal with the Flame Master. Otherwise, how could we rescue the Cosmic Evil Devil King?’ The Fourth Seat King smiled faintly and replied.
“The fellow you are speaking of has arrived.” The Spatial Master responded with a grin. Clouds suddenly ignited in the horizon as he spoke as a fiery glow swept over. In an instant, it appeared in the sky above the island. The fiery glow faded. It was the Flame Master.
However, the current Flame Master had a somewhat messy hair, his expression appeared rather ugly. It was evident that he had experienced an intense battle earlier. He first glanced towards Lin Dong and the Spatial Master. After which, his eyes shot towards Ying Huanhuan and he spoke in a helpless voice, “I was caught off guard, and they managed to rescue the Cosmic Evil Devil King.”
Ying Huanhuan nodded slightly but did not say anything.
“Heh heh, it has not been so lively for so many years…”
The Third Seat King lazily stretched his waist. His smilingly looked at Ying Huanhuan’s group before extending his finger to count. “It seems that our side has an advantage in terms of numbers. Why don’t we finish all of you off here?”
“Ha ha, so what if you have an advantage in numbers? How can I be missing at such a moment?”
However, a thunderous laughter resounded over the sky just as the voice of the Third Seat King faded. Lin Dong’s heart shook a little. He turned his head and saw a ten thousand feet purple-gold radiance erupt from the Chaos Tower.
“This is going to be really interesting…”
Lin Dong involuntarily sighed softly upon seeing this. Was the Chaos Master also about to come out? From the looks of it, could it be that they intended to begin a huge battle here?





Chapter 1273: Peak Level Clash
Purple-gold light shot out from the Chaos Tower in all directions, illuminating and making the sea within a thousand miles shimmer. The Demonic Qi in the sky that had been brought by the Cosmic Evil Devil King was swiftly forced back in the face of this light.
Sunlight poured down from the sky once again.
“Chaos Master.” The eyes of the Third Seat King’s group hardened a little at this moment.
Atop the Chaos Tower, an incomparably titanic figure slowly appeared from within the purple-gold light. The figure expended at a frightening speed. In the end, it also reached a hundred thousand feet in size. It was now just as big as the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
“Haha, to encounter such excitement the moment I come out. Looks like I have really good luck.” The purple-gold giant heartily chuckled at the heavens. His laughter was just like thunder. Huge waves rose on the surface of the sea, and even tornado seemed to have been formed because of his laughter.
“Humph!”
A low snort was emitted from the huge and sinister mouth of the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Demonic Qi soared and blocked the overwhelming purple-gold light.
“Evil creature, you are really tenacious. To think that you survived even in such a state.” The Chaos Master looked at the Cosmic Evil Devil King and involuntarily shook his head. His tone appeared quite regretful. Back then, they had spent a great effort in order to seriously injure this Cosmic Evil Devil King. Only then were they able to suppress and seal it. He never imagined that it would manage to escape.
“If not for the tricks you people pulled back then, there was no telling just who would have lost!” The Cosmic Evil Devil King’s dark and solemn voice resounded over the sky.
“We can have another fight now if you aren’t satisfied.” The Chaos Master looked at the Cosmic Evil Devil King as astonishing battle intent rose from his titanic body.
“Ha ha, there is no need to hurry. We have plenty of opportunities. When the time comes, we do not have any intention of letting you off.” The Third Seat King smilingly waved his hand and said.
Although they currently had the numerical advantage, the Cosmic Evil Devil King had only just escaped from being suppressed, and had yet to regain its strength. It would be difficult for a victor to be decided if they were to fight. Hence… now was not the best time.
“At that time, I’m afraid that you will not have a second chance to hide.” The Flame Master slowly said.
“Flame Master, it is not wise to make such conclusions now.”
The Fourth Seat King also smiled. However, his eyes were filled with an extremely sinister murderous desire. “This time around, it is likely that you will be the ones who lose. Moreover, we will not allow you any chances to turn things around. This world will ultimately come under the control of us Yimo!”
“I really wish to give it a try.” The Spatial Master faintly smiled and said. Those silver eyes of his flickered with an icy silver luster.
Both parties faced off while distinct powerful auras surged. They were all peak level experts of this world. The countless lives on this plane were in the palm of their hands.
“You will have a chance, but it is better to wait for now. You wish for the Ice Master to completely recover, while we wish for the Heaven Seat King to be fully healed. At that time, let’s settle the scores from back then.”
The Third Seat King glanced at Ying Huanhuan. After which, he softly laughed, “We have already achieved our aim this time around and will be taking our leave.”
He paused, before he continued, “Additionally, the second world war can be considered to have begun. However, the ones who will lose this time will be you guys. Ha ha.”
The Third Seat King waved his sleeve after his laughter sounded, and monstrous Demonic Qi unfurled. It turned into a huge Demonic Qi vortex in the sky above them. As the vortex rotated, their bodies entered. The numerous Yimo below also charged over like locusts.
The Demonic Qi vortex rotated rapidly. In the end, it quickly vanished. After the disappearance of the Yimo, the Demonic Qi that enveloped the area also quickly faded. Warm sunlight scattered down from the sky once again and shone onto the island.
Lin Dong watched as the sky returned to its peaceful state and heaved a sigh in relief. He was aware that the reason a huge battle did not erupt today was because the Heaven Seat King and Second Seat King had not revealed themselves. Additionally, the Cosmic Evil Devil King had also yet to recover its fighting strength. Devil Prison naturally would not choose to start a war at such a time. Nevertheless, Lin Dong had a premonition that this day would not be far off in the future.
The Chaos Master’s giant body also quickly shrunk. After which, he turned into a twenty feet tall metal tower like figure whose skin flickered with purple-gold light. An indescribable strength emanated from him. In terms of physical body, it was likely that this Chaos Master could be considered the strongest in the world.
“Ha ha, thank you for your protection this time around.” The Chaos Master looked at Lin Dong as he cupped his hands together and smilingly said.
Lin Dong smiled bitterly and shook his head. “I was of little help.”
WIth his current strength, he could only fight against experts within Devil Prison on the level of the Seven Seat King. Above them were experts like the Third Seat King, who had experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations. Lin Dong was powerless against such individuals.
It would be difficult for Lin Dong intervene in situations like the previous face-off. This undoubtedly caused him to sigh inwardly. His strength was indeed insufficient in spite of his overwhelming hard work.
Ying Huanhuan involuntarily tightened her grip on Lin Dong’s hand upon feeling the heaviness in his expression. The latter detected this and smiled at her. He would not easily give up no matter how difficult the situation was.
By the side, the Flame Master, Spatial Master and Chaos Master exchanged glances after witnessing this scene. Their expressions were a little strange. No one knew what they were thinking.
“Perhaps the Thunderbolt Master and Darkness Master will hurry over soon.” The Flame Master looked at Ying Huanhuan and said.
Lin Dong was a little shocked. If even the Thunderbolt Master and Darkness Master came, it meant that other than the already dead Devouring Master, practically all of the eight ancient masters would have gathered.
“Let’s head to the island first.” Lin Dong said.
The Flame Master’s group looked at Ying Huanhuan upon hearing this. The latter nodded before pulling Lin Dong and rushing towards the island.
The Flame Master trio glanced at the two figures. Their eyes flickered a little.
“Flame Master, what is this situation?” The Spatial Master hesitated for a moment before asking. Looking at how Ying Huanhuan was acting, her feelings towards Lin Dong were obviously not shallow.
The Flame Master shook his head helplessly. The expression in his eyes were a little complicated as he said, “She understands.”
He did not say anything else and shot forward. The Spatial Master and Chaos Master looked at each other and smiled bitterly before they quickly followed.
Martial Gathering Island had turned into a state of complete chaos due to the earlier battle. Lin Dong’s group directly entered a pavillion. Soon after, Qingtan and the leaders from the Heaven Wind Sea Region followed. Other than Qingtan however, the expressions of the others were filled with respect and fear as they looked at the group in the building. None of them dared to approach.
Clearly, they had also witnessed the appearance of the Chaos Master earlier. Moreover, the auras from the others were just as strong as the Chaos Master. After some thought, they could vaguely guess something from the clues available. It was as though a storm was raging in their hearts. After all, these were the peak level experts who were renown since ancient times… 
The few people sat idly in the building while the others did not dare to approach. Lin Dong had no choice but to instruct Qingtan to serve everyone tea. After which, the building become a little quiet.
Ying Huanhuan sat beside Lin Dong. Her long icy-blue hair fell along her narrow waist, while her pretty eyes stared at the ground. Her fingers gently played with a strand of hair, but she did not speak.
No one knew what the Flame Master trio were thinking as they maintained their silence. Lin Dong could only laugh bitterly in his heart upon seeing this. All he could do was to allow this to continue.
This silence continued for two hours, before Ying Huanhuan slowly lifted her head. Her pretty eyes peered into the distance as she said, “They are here.”
The faint rumble of thunder was suddenly heard from afar after her voice sounded. Soon after, a bolt of lightning flashed across the sky. In the next instant, a figure had already appeared in the building. His appearance was that of the Thunderbolt Master.
Soon after the Thunderbolt Master appeared, the originally bright sky suddenly turned to darkness, while Qingtan involuntarily let out a soft exclamation from her mouth.
This darkness lasted for a single breath before Lin Dong’s group turned their eyes towards an empty seat in the building. Unknowingly, a black armoured figure was already lazily sitting in it. The latter lifted her unusually deep and pretty black eyes and scanned everyone. Finally, she paused on Ying Huanhuan. Only then did a smile surface on her face, “Little junior sister, it has been a long time since we last saw each other. Did you miss senior sister?”
Ying Huanhuan glanced at the Darkness Master as ripples appeared within her icy-blue eyes. She softly replied, “It is good that nothing has happened to senior sister.”
“I am not fools like them. How could anything possibly happen to me.” The Darkness Master smilingly said. She glanced at Lin Dong by the side and surprise flashed across her eyes. “Not bad little fellow. You actually reached the Reincarnation stage. However, there is still a big gap between you and little junior sister. Back then, you swore…” 
“Senior sister.”
Ying Huanhuan’s crescent like eyebrows bunched together. Her voice was slightly raised.
“Alright, I’ll stop.” The Darkness Master gracefully waved her hand. She turned towards the Flame Master, “The Cosmic Devil Evil King has been rescued?”
The Flame Master nodded.
“We were unprepared for their schemes. It seems that our planning was inferior to theirs.” The Spatial Master said.
“These fellows are still as cunning as ever. Originally, I wanted to probe where they are hiding. Instead, I ended up being used by them. They trapped me and used the opening to rescue the Cosmic Evil Devil King.” The Thunderbolt Master clenched his teeth and said.
“You are always so reckless. It would be strange if nothing happened.” The Darkness Master rolled her eyes and said.
The Thunderbolt Master smiled in embarrassment upon hearing this.
“They have already rescued the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Next, they will do all they can to aid the Heaven Seat King’s recovery.” The Flame Master slowly said. “If the Heaven Seat King manages to fully recover, I guess that the second world war will officially begin.”
Everyone in the building became silent upon hearing the name Heaven Seat King. Wariness flitted across their eyes. Soon after, they suddenly turned towards Ying Huanhuan.
Ying Huanhuan held a jade green cup in her hand. She gazed upon the pretty reflection on her tea. In the end, she sighed, and her faint voice reverberated within the building.
“Let’s activate the Ancestral Citadel.”





Chapter 1274: Ancestral Citadel
“Ancestral Citadel?”
As these two words began to spread within the building, the expressions of the Darkness Master’s group became focused. Then, they turned their attention towards Ying Huanhuan, before they hesitated for a moment and asked, “Are you sure about this?”
Ying Huanhuan nodded.
“What is the Ancestral Citadel?” When Lin Dong saw their expressions, he felt a little uneasy in his heart as he quickly asked. 
Ying Huanhuan lifted her pretty face. Then, she used her pretty icy blue eyes to look at Lin Dong before she smilingly said, “It is a citadel left behind by teacher. Your Mental Energy cultivation is currently at the Supreme Symbol Master level and you have yet to form a Divine Palace, am I right?”
Lin Dong nodded. After one’s Mental Energy reached his level, the next step will be to transform one’s Niwan Palace into a Divine Palace. Typically speaking, this was considered to be the peak Mental Energy cultivation level, and it was called the Divine Palace Master level. However, since the beginning of time, the number of people who managed to reach this level could be counted on one hand. 
Although Lin Dong was extremely talented in Mental Energy, he was still unable to transform his Niwan Palace into a Divine Palace. Furthermore, he knew that this was going to be a very difficult step to take. 
“Are you planning to let him enter the Ancestral Citadel in order to form a Divine Palace?” The Darkness Master glanced at Lin Dong before speaking, “It’s no mean feat to advance to that level. Amongst all of us, besides you, the rest of us are merely considered to be at the half-step to Divine Palace Master level.”
“He should be able to do so.” Ying Huanhuan said.
“What would that Ancestral Citadel do to you?” Lin Dong stared at Ying Huanhuan. He could sense that she was beating around the bush, and it seemed like she was intentionally avoiding this topic.
“The Ancestral Citadel has the divine effect of aiding one’s training. Once the time is ripe, we will open it and allow the Samsara stage experts in this world to enter it. Typically speaking, there will be a thirty percent chance that one will make a successful breakthrough.” Ying Huanhuan continued.
Lin Dong frowned as he stared at Ying Huanhuan. Meanwhile, the latter also used her icy blue pretty eyes to stare back at him. For some unknown reason, tensions were rising between the two of them. 
“Cough.”
The Darkness Master involuntarily coughed softly after she saw both their demeanor. Then, she spoke towards Lin Dong, in a tone that suggested a deeper meaning, “Lin Dong, there are some things in this world that you can only change if you possess sufficient strength. As of now, you do not possess sufficient strength. Entering the Ancestral Citadel will allow you to possess the qualifications.”
“Is that so?” Lin Dong did not look at the Darkness Master. Instead, he was only looking at Ying Huanhuan.
Ying Huanhuan nodded gently before she said, “Trust me, alright? Entering the Ancestral Citadel will be beneficial to you.”
Lin Dong slowly withdrew his attention. After all, what more could he say at a juncture like this?
“Yan, you should stop hiding. There are so many old friends here. Aren’t you going to come out and greet us?” The Spatial Master stared at Lin Dong’s body before he suddenly said.
 
After his voice sounded, a warm light was promptly emitted from within Lin Dong’s body, before Yan appeared in a flash. As he looked at the many familiar faces in front of him, he sighed emotionally before he shook his head helplessly.
Yan, we may need your help in order to open the Ancestral Citadel.” Ying Huanhuan looked at Yan and said.
Yan looked at Ying Huanhuan before his lips moved. However, in the end, he laughed bitterly before he nodded his head.
When the Flame Master saw this, he coughed softly before he said, “Besides, the day the Cosmic Evil Devil King managed to escape, many other Yimo, who were being suppressed, also managed to do so. Currently, the Chaotic Demon Sea is in chaos. Furthermore, it seems like the Devil Prison is no longer holding back. Just like what they said, it seems like the next world war has already begun.”
“They are planning to take advantage of the chaos to tie us down.” The Spatial Master fondled his chin, before a thoughtful glint flashed across his silver eyes, “Moreover, I constantly feel like they are working on something.”
The Flame Master and the rest nodded gently. There was a large number of Yimo and they were all extremely powerful. In fact, no single faction in the Chaotic Demon Sea could stop them by themselves. Therefore, if these Yimo were allowed to roam around unchecked, it would likely lead to heavy casualties in the Chaotic Demon Sea.
“Let’s form an alliance within the Chaotic Demon Sea.” Lin Dong pondered for a moment before he suggested. If they did not band the many large factions in the Chaotic Demon Sea together, it was likely that all the factions would be devoured separately by the Yimo.
“An alliance huh? It is possible… however, it is going to be a little difficult to get it done.” The Chaos Master nodded. One would definitely have to exhaust a great amount of effort in order to establish such a huge alliance. Clearly, they were unable to do so by themselves. 
“We do not need to establish an alliance by ourselves. There is a top faction in the Chaotic Demon Sea called the Flame Divine Hall. It’s current hall chief is also the owner of the Blazing Ancestral Symbol. Moreover, the Flame Divine Hall is quite influential. Together with the threat from the Yimo, it would not be difficult to establish an alliance as long as we provide them with some guidance.” Lin Dong continued.
Given Tang Xinlian’s leadership abilities, it was likely that she was the best candidate to handle the complicated task of running such a massive alliance. 
“Of course, I might need a few of you to help out as well. After all, in the Chaotic Demon Sea, there are numerous powerful factions and tribes with a long history and solid foundation.”
The most powerful tribe in the Chaotic Demon Sea was not the human tribe. Instead, it was the Sea Demon tribe. Moreover, it was going to be an uphill battle to convince them to join the alliance. 
“The Sea Demon tribe huh… it will be fine after I make a trip over there. I have a close relationship with the ancestors of the large clans within the Sea Demon tribe.” The Chaos Master said.
“To begin with, the Chaos Master was from the Sea Giant Clan within the Sea Demon tribe. Therefore, once he makes a move, it shouldn’t be difficult to convince the Sea Demon tribe to join the alliance.” Ying Huanhuan softly said.
Lin Dong glanced at her and stopped speaking. Instead, he merely nodded his head.
“In that case, let’s head to the Flame Divine Hall tomorrow. The Yimo have been on a rampage over the last two months and it is likely that the various large factions in the Chaotic Demon Sea have suffered tremendously. Therefore, rounding them up at this moment will be much more effective.” Lin Dong said.
After the crowd heard this, none of them objected. Subsequently, everyone glanced at Ying Huanhuan and Lin Dong before they left. Qingtan also hesitated for a moment upon seeing this. Finally, she left as well.
In the blink of an eye, only the two of them were left in this huge building. Lin Dong looked at Ying Huanhuan, who was lowering her head and refusing to talk, before he helplessly shook his head. Then, he suddenly stood up and it appeared as though he was about to leave.
When she saw this, Ying Huanhuan bit her lips before she clenched her hand tightly. Meanwhile, a horrible sensation emerged within her heart. 
However, Lin Dong did not leave in the end. Instead, he walked to the front of Ying Huanhuan before he extended his hand and held her icy jade like delicate small hand. Then, he exerted a little force and pulled her into his embrace. His arms were hugging her soft and delicate waist, while he buried his head gently within her cool icy blue long hair.
“Have you regained your memory?” Lin Dong asked. The way she acted today was clearly a little different from her usual self.
“A little… therefore, I recognise them and recall certain things.” Ying Huanhuan hesitated for a moment before she said.
Lin Dong nodded. It’s no wonder she had an in-depth knowledge regarding certain matters from the ancient times.
“Don’t worry. As of now, I am still Ying Huanhuan.” Ying Huanhuan smiled. Clearly, she knew what Lin Dong was worried about. 
“Regardless of what happens, don’t lie to me. Can you do that please?” Lin Dong nodded. As he sniffed the faint fragrance that entered his nostrils, his arms continued to hug the person in his embrace. Meanwhile, his voice was a little hoarse as he said.
Ying Huanhuan also placed her face on his shoulder. Her breath struck Lin Dong’s neck as she softly acknowledged. However, soon after, she muttered to herself in a voice that only she could hear, “I do not wish to lie to you either.”
It was a long while later before Lin Dong finally left. After which, Ying Huanhuan walked to the front of the building. Then, she used her pretty eyes to look at the darkened ocean. A sea breeze blew over and caused her long hair to flutter gently with the wind.
“Are you really going to let him enter the Ancestral Citadel?” A voice was suddenly transmitted from behind her. She turned around and saw the Darkness Master leaning on a pillar. Meanwhile, the latter’s delicate hands were wrapped around her chest, while her black pretty eyes were staring at Ying Huanhuan.
“He needs to form the Divine Palace.” Ying Huanhuan said.
“If we want to open the Ancestral Citadel, we need at least six Ancient Masters to work together. Therefore, you must use the power that you have been suppressing. However, after you use that power, it is not going to be an easy task to suppress it once again.” The Darkness Master said.
“In the past, your power was extremely frightening. However, it also froze all your emotions. Are you certain that you can continue to treat him in the same way once you regain your power?”
Ying Huanhuan sat on a long bench. She folded her long legs, while her long icy blue hair scattered down, causing her to appear somewhat meek, “I know … However, nothing is perfect in this world. The Devil Prison is definitely working on something. In fact, I can feel that the Heaven Seat King seems to be recovering quickly…”
The Darkness Master came to her side and sighed softly. She held her icy body and felt some heartache. This had been the case even in those ancient times. That heavy burden, which none of them could carry, had to land on this girl’s soft shoulders. In fact, the Darkness Master recalled that many years ago, when she first met the latter, the latter was also a cute and lively little girl. However, the smile on that girl’s face gradually disappeared. This was especially the case after teacher told her that he was about to die, and that it was up to her to protect every life in this world. At that time, every single one of them realized that this girl had begun to freeze all her emotions in order to control her power… 
“In reality, I am quite thankful to that little fellow. At the very least, he allowed you to experience emotions once again…” The Darkness Master muttered.
“Do not tell him about this.” Ying Huanhuan said. “Otherwise, given his character, there is no way he will enter the Ancestral Citadel.”
“Even at a time like this, you are still thinking on his behalf.” The Darkness Master said helplessly.
Ying Huanhuan leaned into the Darkness Master’s embrace. Then, she said, “Actually, I know that he wants to surpass me. In that case, he can confidently ask me to stay behind him.”
“What wishful thinking.” The Darkness Master curled her lips. If it was really so simple to surpass little junior sister, why would teacher hand such a heavy burden to her?
Ying Huanhuan merely laughed gently, “I believe in him.”
The Darkness Master was startled. She lowered her head to look at Ying Huanhuan. Currently, the corner of the latter’s lips were lifted into a warm and gentle arc. Meanwhile, her pretty eyes were exceptionally bright.
“He will do it.”
Within the building, there was unquestioning faith within that girl’s soft voice. 





Chapter 1275: Alliance
Lin Dong and the rest were prepared to leave on the morning of the next day. When they left the building, they realized that the leaders of the various factions in the Heaven Wind Sea Region were all waiting outside. When they saw Lin Dong and the rest, they immediately circled around them. 
“Young brother Lin Dong, currently the Chaotic Demon Sea is still in chaos. In fact, it is rumoured that certain sea regions were turned into a bloodbath by the Yimo. What will happen to our Heaven Wind Sea Region once you leave?” Gu Tong was clearly being pushed forward as their representative. After all, up against this group of experts, who were clearly renowned individuals since the ancient times, the experts from the Heaven Wind Sea Region all felt extremely pressured. Therefore, they did not dare to speak with them directly. Instead, they chose to speak to Lin Dong, whom they were a little more familiar with.
Lin Dong involuntarily smiled upon hearing this. It seems like these fellows were all frightened by the Yimo. This was also a good thing. After all, if their emotions spread, it would aid the formation of an alliance.
“Clan leader Gu, you can be rest assured that the Yimo will not dare to come to this sea region in the future. Moreover, we are going to the Flame Divine Hall to establish an alliance in the Chaotic Demon Sea. Once that alliance is formed, there will no longer be a need to fear the Yimo.” Lin Dong said.
“Alliance?” Everyone’s eyes widened upon hearing this. As of now, the Heaven Wind Sea Region was in a precarious position and they clearly lacked the strength to protect themselves. Therefore, it would be extremely beneficial to them if an alliance was formed.
“All of you should send someone to the Flame Divine Hall after news of the alliance spread. At that time, the various large sea regions will establish a teleportation formation, and someone will come and help you guys if there is danger.” Lin Dong smiled towards everyone. Then, silver light surfaced behind him before they wrapped around his group.
“Therefore, all of you should just wait for the good news.”
That silver light gradually became brighter. Right after Lin Dong uttered his final sentence, he and his group vanished, leaving behind a group of stunned leaders from the Heaven Wind Sea Region.
　　……
Flame Divine Hall.
There was a fiery red figure seated on the leader seat in the large hall. At this moment, there were many people in this large hall. Meanwhile, people continuously streamed in and reported various intel to the higher authorities.
Tang Xinlian was seated elegantly. Perhaps it was because she was not leading an army at this moment and she was dressed in a red long dress, she appeared a little meek at this moment. In fact, she did not look like a cool heroine.
As she listened to the various urgent reports, she began to knit her eyebrows slightly. The recent commotion in the Chaotic Demon Sea had also affected her Flame Divine Hall. In fact, the sea region where their Flame Divine Hall was located, had also suffered attacks from numerous Yimo. However, with Qingzhi stationed in her Flame Divine Hall, it had also attracted many top experts and this allowed the strength of her Flame Divine Hall to soar. Moreover, thanks to her leadership abilities, though those invading Yimo were able to cause some chaos on the first day they arrived, they were subsequently blocked and stopped outside the sea region managed by the Flame Divine Hall.
Nonetheless, though they managed to block the Yimo, those complicated military matters also caused Tang Xinlian to become a lot busier.
Seated within the large hall, many orders were quickly issued from Tang Xinlian’s small and moist red lips. After which, some of the elders in the large hall delivered her orders. People came and left. However, there was no sign of chaos.
“Elder Ling, some Yimo have appeared in the Northern Sea Region. Based on the information that we received, they should number around five hundred or so. Moreover, there is an Yimo general in command. You will lead one thousand Flame Divine Guards and head over there to exterminate them. You can mobilize the Northern Sea Region Guards as you deem fit.”
After that final order was issued by Tang Xinlian, she flicked her finger before a fiery red order token landed in the hands of a green clothed old man. The latter immediately left after receiving it.
Huff.
After dealing with all these matters, Tang Xinlian finally heaved a gentle sigh of relief.
“Hehe, little Tang’tang is really capable. As your teacher, I feel assured to leave the Flame Divine Hall in your hands.” Seated on the grandmaster chair to the right of the large hall, Mo Luo was holding a teacup in his hand. Meanwhile, when he saw that Tang Xinlian was able to handle these matters in an orderly fashion, the smile on his face was as dazzling as a flower. 
Beside him, Qingzhi smiled and shook his head. It was fortunate that this fellow managed to find such an outstanding disciple. Otherwise, the Flame Divine Hall might have collapsed if he was the one running it. 
Tang Xinlian glanced at Mo Luo indifferently, and she completely ignored him.
“Cough, forget it. Old Qing, let’s go out and play chess.” Mo Luo smiled awkwardly after he saw Tang Xinlian rolling her eyes. Subsequently, he called Qingzhi.
“Master, aren’t you having a little too much time on your hands? If there is nothing for you to do, I can easily assign something to you!” Tang Xinlian gritted her teeth and said coldly.
“Didn’t you say that you will only ask me to make a move if something huge occurs?” Mo Luo laughed dryly.
Tang Xinlian snorted coldly. As their Flame Divine Hall grew, Mo Luo became increasingly proficient at pushing all matters related to it aside.
When Mo Luo saw that Tang Xinlian was becoming increasingly angry, he did not dare to provoke her. Instead, he glanced at Qingzhi as he prepared to make his escape. 
Qingzhi smiled upon seeing this. He was just about to stand up when his expression suddenly changed. Then, he smilingly said, “Forget about it. There are some important guests coming to the Flame Divine Hall today. You should stay here obediently and welcome them.”
“Important guests?”
Mo Luo and Tang Xinlian were startled upon hearing this.
Right after Qingzhi spoke, the space within the Flame Divine Hall suddenly became distorted. Then, a resplendent silver light erupted. By the time that silver light scattered, a couple of figures had showed up within the large hall. Meanwhile, standing amongst them, a young man quickly smiled towards Mo Luo.
“You… Lin…”
Mo Luo was stunned when he saw that young man. However, even before he could speak, joy immediately surged onto Tang Xinlian’s face as she said, “Lin Dong?!”
“Elder Qingzhi, elder Mo Luo, Miss Xinlian, it has been a while.” Lin Dong looked at the trio in the large hall. Then, a smile appeared on his face as he cupped his hands together and said.
Qingzhi and Mo Luo smiled. After which, with a grave expression in their eyes, they looked at the Flame Master and the rest, who were standing behind Lin Dong.
“If my guess is correct, the few of them should be the legendary Ancient Masters, am I right?” Qingzhi said with a smile. Although during the ancient times, he was unqualified to speak with the Flame Master and the rest, he clearly knew about them. After all, other than those few extraordinary individuals, it was impossible to find others in this world who possess such aura.
“Ancient Masters?”
Mo Luo was startled. Currently, he had also advanced to the Reincarnation stage. However, he was still unable to fathom the Flame Master and the rest. Soon after, he involuntarily smacked his lips. They were indeed worthy of being the direct disciples of the Symbol Ancestor.
The Flame Master’s group also smiled towards the Qingzhi duo. However, their attitude was neither submissive nor arrogant. Clearly, they did not act like haughty ancient masters. 
“Little fellow, you have actually reached the Reincarnation stage as well?” Mo Luo suddenly noticed Lin Dong. Then, his expression changed abruptly as he exclaimed.
“I made a breakthrough not long ago.” Lin Dong smilingly said.
“Tsk tsk, you are still as abnormal as always…” Mo Luo clicked his tongue, while his face was filled with shock. He had trained for many years and he merely advanced to the Reincarnation stage last year. However, who could have imagined that Lin Dong, who was merely at the Profound Death stage when he left, would have actually reached this stage as well.
“There is no need to compare yourself with him. It will only cause you to feel inferior.” Qingzhi smilingly said. Then, his eyes swept across Lin Dong’s body before he nodded, “It seems like you have obtained the Primal Dragon Bone.”
“It’s all thanks to elder Qingzhi’s introduction.” Lin Dong replied. If Qingzhi did not ask him to head to the Dragon tribe, it was likely going to be extremely difficult for him to obtain the Primal Dragon Bone.
“It’s all because of your own abilities. I have also coveted the Primal Dragon Bone for a very long time, however, I was unable to succeed.” Qingzhi shook his head and said.
Lin Dong smiled. Currently, he was able to detect Qingzhi’s strength. In fact, he should have passed two Reincarnation Tribulations, and was a lot stronger than when Lin Dong last saw him. It seems like Qingzhi’s strength had also grown during the last one to two years.
“Lin Dong, have you really reached the Reincarnation stage?” Tang Xinlian ran down from the leader seat. Then, she stopped in front of Lin Dong before she began to observe him. Meanwhile, her pretty eyes held joy that could not be concealed.
Beside him, Ying Huanhuan glanced at that cool and enchanting Tang Xinlian, who was wearing a red dress. After which, she glanced at Lin Dong with a half-smile.
Lin Dong involuntarily laughed dryly after he saw this. Immediately, he nodded towards Tang Xinlian before he began to introduce the people behind him.
“Haha, may I know why all of you came to the Flame Divine Hall?” Mo Luo was curious as he asked involuntarily. After all, this lineup even caused someone like him to be taken aback.
“It should be related to the commotion caused by the Yimo in the Chaotic Demon Sea recently, am I right?”
Tang Xinlian smiled. With a brilliant smile on her face, she glanced at Lin Dong and said, “If my guess is correct, you are planning to ask our Flame Divine Hall to gather the many factions in the Chaotic Demon Sea and form an alliance in order to oppose the Yimo, am I right?”
“Clever.” Lin Dong lifted his thumb. “The Yimo are far too powerful and just a single faction alone cannot stop them. If we allow them to continue their rampage, the Chaotic Demon Sea will definitely suffer great losses. Hence, we want to ask the Flame Divine Hall to gather the factions and form an alliance in order to fight the Yimo in the Chaotic Demon Sea.”
“Alliance?” Mo Luo was startled. He fondled his chin and said, “Although our Flame Divine Hall is quite influential, not everyone will submit to us. This is because there are many other powerful factions in the Chaotic Demon Sea.”
“Haha, they will help us to convince those factions.” Lin Dong pointed towards the Flame Master’s group, who were standing behind him, before he said.
Mo Luo hesitated for a moment. After which, he glanced at Tang Xinlian and said, “You should ask this girl. Right now, she is the hall chief of the Flame Divine Hall.”
Lin Dong was speechless. It seems like this fellow was getting increasingly proficient at pushing away his responsibilities. In fact, he had even handed the position of hall chief to Tang Xinlian.
Lin Dong turned and looked at Tang Xinlian. Meanwhile, the latter was also looking at him. However, her bright enchanting and pretty eyes caused him to feel a little guilty. He quickly smiled and said, “What does Miss Xinlian think?”
“If we form an alliance, we should be able to stop the Yimo in the Chaotic Demon Sea. However, it does not seem like our Flame Divine Hall will stand to benefit. Currently, we are able to protect ourselves against the Yimo.” Tang Xinlian used her jade like hand to support her elbow. After which, she lifted her somewhat snow white sharp chin and smilingly said.
Lin Dong was stunned. She was only thinking about herself even at a moment like this. This seemed a little inappropriate. After all, given Tang Xinlian’s intellect, there was no way she wouldn’t know what kind of great disaster it would be if these Yimo were allowed to continue their rampage.
“Miss Tang is joking with you.” Ying Huanhuan said.
Upon hearing this, Lin Dong finally saw the teasing expression on the corner of Tang Xinlian’s lips. Promptly, he shook his head helplessly.
“Do you not know how I am as a person by now?”
Tang Xinlian glanced at Lin Dong. After which, she turned her eyes towards Ying Huanhuan. Then, she extended her small delicate hand before she laughed casually, “Are you Ying Huanhuan? I heard Lin Dong mentioning about you before. In fact, I once asked him which one of us is prettier.”
Lin Dong’s body stiffened almost instantly. He was stunned as he stared at Tang Xinlian, who had a cunning expression in her eyes.
“Is that so?”
Ying Huanhuan gave a faint smile and asked, “What was his answer?”





Chapter 1276: Meet (1)
Within the large hall, two equally pretty and dazzling young ladies were staring at each other with a smile on their face. This was supposed to be a pleasant sight. However, right now, Lin Dong was drenched in cold sweat. Clearly, he did not know what was going on. 
When the crowd saw this scene, they were immediately startled. However, soon after, they began to grow curious. This was especially the case for the Darkness Master and the rest. With a strange expression in their eyes, they looked at Ying Huanhuan. It was clear that their curiosity were piqued by the latter’s reaction. 
“Cough.”
Lin Dong coughed dryly. At a moment like this, he had to demonstrate his pride as a man. Hence, he directly inserted himself between the two of them before he spoke helplessly to Tang Xinlian, “I don’t recall ever mentioning something like this?”
“Is that so?”
Tang Xinlian blinked her eyes. After which, she curled her red lips before she casually said, “Perhaps my memory has failed me.”
Lin Dong was at a loss for words. Women were indeed frightening creatures.
With a bewitching smile on her face, Tang Xinlian looked at Ying Huanhuan and said, “You won’t hold this against me, will you?”
Ying Huanhuan gave a faint smile and shook her head. However, when she turned her head, she gave Lin Dong an extremely cold glare. She had finally learnt what kind of great blessing Lin Dong had enjoyed during this so-called cultivation trip in the Chaotic Demon Sea… 
“Alright, alright, let’s focus on the important issue at hand.” Lin Dong felt helpless. All he could do was to adopt a stern expression. The two women smiled knowingly upon seeing this before the both of them finally toned down.
“Currently, forming an alliance is the only solution.” Tang Xinlian nodded and continued, “According to the information that we obtained, certain sea regions have already been turned into a bloodbath by the Yimo. In fact, some of the weaker factions have begun to retreat to the larger sea regions.”
“If we form an alliance to fight the Yimo now, it would draw quite a number of factions. However, at that time, many factions will swarm over and the alliance formed will also be a massive and complicated one. In fact, whether it can even function properly is up in the air. Therefore, even much less needs to be said about fighting the Yimo.”
Lin Dong nodded. It was not always the case that more is better. In a situation like this, after gathering everyone together, if there were no proper controls in place, it might even cause the situation to deteriorate.
Even though back in the Demon Region, Lin Dong managed to establish the Four Titans Palace, he knew that his Four Titans Palace was child’s play compared to an alliance, which encompassed the entire Chaotic Demon Sea. Moreover, he had to expend a massive amount of effort just to establish his Four Titans Palace. Therefore, if he had to form an alliance encompassing the entire Chaotic Demon Sea, it was likely impossible for him to succeed even at the expense of his life. 
“Although it is very troublesome, it shouldn’t be a difficult task thanks to Miss Xinlian’s leadership abilities, am I right?” Lin Dong said with a smile. He was not a fool and would naturally not get involved in matters that he knew he could not handle. Moreover, there was a perfect candidate at hand.
“I am already very busy. Can you please not create additional work for me?” Tang Xinlian rolled her eyes at Lin Dong. However, she sighed helplessly after she saw the latter’s bitter expression as she said, “You caused me so much trouble the moment you arrived.”
“In order to make a difference, we need some of the largest and most powerful factions in the Chaotic Demon Sea to join our alliance. Amongst the human tribes, we must rope in the Ten Thousand Sea Heaven Palace. They are an old and well-established faction in the Chaotic Demon Sea and have a powerful reputation. As for the members of the Sea Demon tribe, the Immortal Sage Whale clan is a must. Can you guys convince the both of them?” Tang Xinlian looked at Lin Dong’s group and asked.
“Ten Thousand Sea Heaven Palace huh? Is their founder the Ten Thousand Sea Old Man? Is he still alive?” The Flame Master thought for a moment before he asked.
“Aye. However, the Ten Thousand Sea Old Man died many years ago when he failed to pass the second Reincarnation Tribulation. Their current chief is his grandson and he should have passed one Reincarnation Tribulation. He can be considered as one of the top experts in the Chaotic Demon Sea.”
“In that case, it shouldn’t be a problem. The Ten Thousand Sea Old Man once received some pointers from me.” The Flame Master laughed. However, his words left Lin Dong in shock. Promptly, he shook his head helplessly. It seems like one must not underestimate these antiques.
“Leave the Immortal Sage Whale clan to me.” The Chaos Master laughed. Amongst the members of the Sea Demon tribe, he was considered as a legend. Therefore, as a member of the tribe, it was not difficult for him to convince the Sea Demon tribe to join their alliance.
“In that case, let’s announce the news today. I believe that many factions within the Chaotic Demon Sea will quickly send their men over.” Tang Xinlian nodded and said.
“Alright.”
Everyone exchanged glances before nodding. This huge event, which would shake the entire Chaotic Demon Sea, was finally settled.
After they made their decision, the Flame Divine Hall became extremely busy. Countless figures rushed out, before they began to spread the news at a frightening speed. Given their speed, it was likely that the Flame Divine Hall would become the most lively place in the entire Chaotic Demon Sea within a short two to three days.
Although he was well-prepared, the commotion caused by the alliance seemed to have exceeded Lin Dong’s expectations. Within merely two days, the commotion was feedbacked to the Flame Divine Hall. After which… various experts from all across the Chaotic Demon Sea began to flood the Flame Divine Hall in a locust like fashion. In fact, the scene was even more intense compared to the scene stirred up by the competition over the Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol.
On the top of a building within the Flame Divine Hall, Lin Dong looked at the locus like crowd which came from the distant horizon before they rushed towards the city. Then, he sighed involuntarily.
“This is indeed the Chaotic Demon Sea.”
Lin Dong sighed emotionally. The size of the Chaotic Demon Sea had likely surpassed that of the Demon Region and the Four Great Xuan Regions. In fact, the number of factions here was as numerous as the stars. Typically, he might not have realized it. However, owing to the special circumstances, he finally began to realize how frighteningly massive it was. 
Of course, from a certain point of view, it also demonstrated just how dangerous the current situation in the Chaotic Demon Sea was. After all, the competition within the Chaotic Demon Sea was extremely intense. Therefore, unless one really reached a point whereby one had no other choice, it was likely that no one would even think about joining the alliance.
“Let’s head over as well.” Behind him, Ying Huanhuan said. Although the Flame Divine Hall was an elite faction in the Chaotic Demon Sea, they were unable to get everyone to submit to them. Therefore, in order to ensure that the alliance was formed successfully, they had to serve as a deterrent. 
Lin Dong nodded. Promptly, he swung his sleeve before silver light wrapped around the both of them. The next time they appeared, they were already standing in front of a massive square. Meanwhile, there were throngs of people gathered in the square and they extended to the limits of one’s vision. Furthermore, all their auras were extremely powerful. Clearly, the various factions in the Chaotic Demon Sea have sent powerful members over to the Flame Divine Palace to serve as their representative. 
“This is quite a grand event.” Lin Dong grinned upon seeing this. All of a sudden, after he and Ying Huanhuan entered the square, a clear joyous loud voice sounded from behind them.
“Big brother Lin Dong!”
When Lin Dong heard this cry, he was stunned momentarily. After which, he turned around and saw a white figure pouncing over from afar. Finally, she directly leapt into his embrace. Meanwhile, that frighteningly force caused his body to tremble gently. 
Lin Dong hurriedly grabbed that person and held her in his embrace. After which, he glanced at her and saw an exquisite and cute face appearing in front of him, “Lingshan?”
Lin Dong was stunned when he saw the young lady in his embrace. It turns out that she was Mu Lingshan, someone whom he met back in the Chaotic Demon Sea. Back then, she was merely a little girl who had a pair of cute pigtails. However, as of now, those pigtails had became a dark black lively ponytail. Meanwhile, her small and cute body had gradually became well-proportioned and she no longer looked as childish as before.
“Hehe, big brother Lin Dong, it is really you!” Mu Lingshan was laughing as she tugged Lin Dong. Meanwhile, there was a joyous smile on her small face. Clearly, she was extremely happy about the fact that she was able to meet Lin Dong here.
“Why are you here?” When he saw her, Lin Dong felt some joy in his heart. After which, he grinned as he rubbed Mu Lingshan’s extremely lively dark black ponytail, before he secretly sighed in his heart. The little girl from before was all grown up.
“I came with grandpa and the rest.” Mu Lingshan used her small fair hand to point to her back. At that spot, one could see two figures standing there. One of them had a tall figure and was quite handsome. He was Mu Lingshan’s third grandfather, Mu Lan.
On Mu Lan’s left, was a white haired old man. He was a skinny looking old man, and he was fondling his beard as he looked at them with a smile.
“Elder Mu Lan.”
Lin Dong cupped his hands together towards Mu Lan and laughed. Mu Lan had helped him out immensely in the past and he had always remembered this favour.
“Haha, Lin Dong. As of now, even I cannot match up to you. I’m afraid that I don’t deserve to be addressed as an ‘elder’ by you.” Mu Lan laughed and walked over. Meanwhile, there was some shock in his eyes as he looked at Lin Dong. When they parted ways back then, Lin Dong was merely at the Profound Death stage. However, as of now, he could even feel some pressure from the latter.
“This is my brother, Mu Tian.”
“Greetings to elder Mu Tian.” Lin Dong cupped his hands together. It was likely that this old man was the first grandfather that Mu Lingshan had mentioned. In fact, the fluctuation emitted by the latter took Lin Dong by surprise. It turns out that this old man was actually a peak expert who had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation.
“Haha, you must be young friend Lin Dong, am I right? This girl has frequently talked about you after she came back and moss has grown in my old ears after listening to her.” Mu Tian smiled warmly and said.
Lin Dong grinned and patted Mu Lingshan’s little head, before he said, “Is elder Mu Tian here to participate in the alliance gathering?”
“Aye. Elder Chaos came down personally and asked us to. Our Immortal Sage Whale clan does not dare to snub him.” Mu Tian smilingly nodded and said.
“In that case, please enter.”
When Lin Dong realized that this was not an appropriate venue for a conversation, he smiled before he led them into the square. The instant he entered the square, he surveyed his surroundings and saw that numerous experts had gathered in this place. In fact, extending his sight, he realized that he could see no end to them. Meanwhile, he could sense that as numerous auras continuously rose and gathered in the sky, even the clouds in the sky were being blown away. 
“Elder Mu Tian, please take a seat.”
Soon after they entered, members of the Flame Divine Hall quickly stepped forward and welcomed them. Then, they placed the Mu Tian trio in the square’s front seats. Evidently, the front row seats were only occupied by those who possessed extremely formidable strength. In fact, everyone of them seated in the front row were all famous and renowned experts in the Chaotic Demon Sea. 
Right in front of them, were a couple of seats. At this moment, the Flame Master and the rest were all seated on them with their eyes shut. Meanwhile, countless pairs of eyes swept over them, while their eyes were all filled with wild heat and excitement.
“Let’s go.”
Ying Huanhuan directly walked towards the most eye-catching seat in the middle. Moreover, she was also holding onto Lin Dong’s hand. 
“Cough, I can just sit at the side.”
When Lin Dong saw that they were headed towards the most prominent seats in the entire square, he immediately coughed dryly.
However, Ying Huanhuan chose to ignore him. Her body moved before she directly rushed towards those seats. After which, she sat down with a calm expression before she dragged Lin Dong and forced him to sit beside her. 
These seats were the most prominent spot in the entire square. In fact, even those peak experts in the Chaotic Demon Sea like Mu Tian, were unqualified to seat on them. However, an unfamiliar man like Lin Dong was sitting on them. This undoubtedly attracted the attention of everyone present. Soon after, many stealthy whispers erupted. 
“Who is that young fella? Was there someone like him amongst the eight Ancient Masters?”
“Why does he seem a little familiar?”
“Ugh… it seems like he is the man who won the competition at the Flame Divine Hall back then. He is called Lin Dong, am I right?”
“Are you referring to that younger generation member? He is truly ill-mannered. How dare he occupy that seat!”
　　“……”
Beside him, the Flame Master and the rest slowly opened their eyes. Meanwhile, with a gentle smile in their eyes, they looked at the embarrassed Lin Dong. It was as though they wanted to see how he would deal with the situation.
Lin Dong had also detected their actions. When he heard the complaints from all across the square, he did not fret. Instead, he gave a gentle smile before he slammed his hand gently on the stone table. Soon after, a frightening aura swept across the place and enveloped the entire square.
After they were enveloped by his frightening aura, every complaint came to a sudden halt. In fact, even Mu Tian and the other peak experts from the Chaotic Demon Sea, who were seated at the front row, all had great shock within their eyes.
This was because even they felt extreme danger when up against his aura.
“This young man is no simple chap…”
They quietly exchanged glances while this thought flashed across their minds. At the same time, they completely erased any trace of doubt within their hearts. 





Chapter 1277: Meet (2)
After Lin Dong unleashed his aura, the square, which was packed with numerous top experts from the Chaotic Demon Sea, was silent for a moment. After which, the emotions within many people’s eyes were in flux, before they finally turned grave. In fact, when they turned to look at Lin Dong once again, there wasn’t a hint of doubt in their eyes. 
The people here were largely famous individuals within the Chaotic Demon Sea and they naturally possessed great strength. Therefore, they were able to deduce Lin Dong’s strength from his aura. In fact, they were certain that he had reached the Reincarnation stage.
Of course, his exact strength within the Reincarnation stage, could only be determined by the peak experts from the Chaotic Demon Sea, who were sitting in the front row seats of the square. After all, all of them had passed one Reincarnation Tribulation. Nonetheless, they still felt endangered when they caught a whiff of Lin Dong’s aura. Therefore, this allowed them to understand that even though this young man in front of them seemed like an ordinary Reincarnation stage expert, it was likely that they were no match for him in an actual fight.
“Young friend Lin Dong is truly amazing.” Mu Tian fondled his beard as he remarked to Mu Lan by the side.
“Very terrifying.” Mu Lan could only nod and sigh. After all, it was truly difficult for him to reconcile with the fact that this powerful expert, who could remain collected even when up against numerous top experts from the Chaotic Demon Sea, was actually that weak young youth back then. 
“Of course. Big brother Lin Dong is definitely stronger than first grandpa.” Beside them, Mu Lingshan said proudly.
When Mu Tian saw how quickly his granddaughter had turned her back on them, he could only shake his head helplessly. After which, he turned his head and smiled towards a blue robed old man, who was at a short distance away.
He was the current palace chief of the Ten Thousand Sea Heaven Palace, Wan Xuan. Unexpectedly, he had turned up as well.
“The size of this gathering is truly frightening.” Mu Tian surveyed his surroundings. After which, he realized that most of the top experts within the Chaotic Demon Sea were present. For more than thousands of years, this was the first time a situation like this has ever occurred in the Chaotic Demon Sea. 
“As of now, the Chaotic Demon Sea is in turmoil. As the Yimo began their rampage, though our Immortal Sage Whale clan was able to temporarily hide from their attacks, this is not a long term solution.” Mu Lan said.
“That’s right.”
Mu Tian nodded. Promptly, he looked at the countless experts present before his elderly heart began to feel a tinge of pride. After all, if they could form an alliance successfully, why would they need to fear those Yimo? 
A bright sun hung high in the sky. Suddenly, a ‘gong’ sound resounded across this massive square. After which, the entire place became silent, before many pairs of eyes looked towards the front. At that spot, stood a fiery-red enchanting lovely figure. She was Tang Xinlian from the Flame Divine Hall.
“Everyone, I believe that all of you should know why my Flame Divine Hall has organized this gathering. Currently, the Yimo are on a rampage and the ancient world war provides us with a glimpse as to how powerful these Yimo are. In fact, perhaps many of you here have personally witnessed this for yourselves.”
Tang Xinlian used her pretty eyes to survey the place as her clear voice echoed across the square.
“Based on the information obtained by my Flame Divine Hall, eight sea regions have been butchered by the Yimo. Meanwhile, the one hundred and twenty factions within have all been exterminated. Corpses litter the ground and blood flows like rivers wherever they passed. I believe that no faction here can confidently claim that they can fight the Yimo by themselves, am I right?”
No one answered. Meanwhile, all of them had a grave expression on their faces. In fact, some of them were even grieving secretly. Evidently, some of them had already suffered heavy losses after the Yimo attacked. 
“May I know what Miss Tang has in mind?” The old man in blue robes mused for a moment before he asked.
“It is not a overly complicated one. In summary, it is to form an alliance to fight them.” Tang Xinlian beamed before she continued, “Five Ancient Masters have asked my Flame Divine Hall to band everyone together and form an alliance to fight the Yimo!”
Some buzzing noises were emitted from within this massive square. After which, many experts turned to look at each other. Before they arrived, they had already vaguely guessed what was going on. However, they were still a little shocked when they heard the news personally. In fact, a mega alliance that encompassed the entire Chaotic Demon Sea, had never been established before. 
The buzzing noise spread all across the place. Even though many powerful experts felt inclined to join, they chose to remain silent at this moment. After all, even though they were being pushed into dire straits by the Yimo, they had established their own factions after much sweat and tears. Therefore, once an alliance was formed, would they still be able to retain control of their respective faction?
“Everyone, this so-called alliance is merely meant to counter the Yimo. Once this alliance is formed, all of us will attack and defend as one. In order to prevent one party from gaining control, we will nominate some of the more renowned factions and form a council. Moreover, every important decision must go through this council. Furthermore, above this council, we will also create an Elder Council. They will be staffed by the five Ancient Masters and Lin Dong, and they will be in charge of supervising the alliance.”
“After which, every faction will dispatch their elite fighting force to create a Devil Slaying Army. Meanwhile, the Spatial Master will also intervene and create a teleportation formation in every large sea region. Therefore, if any sea region is under attack by the Yimo, the Devil Slaying Army will show up immediately!”
Tang Xinlian stood tall and proud, as her clear voice spread. Operating a massive alliance like this was supposed to be a complicated and difficult task. However, in her hands, she was able to simplify the operations and make it run efficiently. Moreover, by distributing the authority, she was able to reassure certain factions, that were worried that the Flame Divine Hall was planning to take advantage of this alliance to expand their base. 
The huge square was completely silent. Meanwhile, the eyes of countless individuals were glimmering, while their hearts began to shake. It seems like such an alliance was indeed workable.
No one objected to the fact that the five Ancient Masters were members of the Elder Council. After all, given their fame and reputation, they were indeed qualified for the job. However, the crowd was staring at Lin Dong with a strange expression in their eyes. This was because even a top expert within the Chaotic Demon Sea like Mu Tian, was not qualified to hold such a position. However, despite his tender age, Lin Dong was able to do so. This inevitably left many of them dumbstruck.
Lin Dong also quietly nodded upon hearing this. Meanwhile, a glint of admiration flashed across the Flame Master and the rest’s eyes. Tang Xinlian’s leadership abilities were truly frightening. It was likely that with her abilities, once the alliance was formed, the Chaotic Demon Sea would be able to unleash a frightening fighting force.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we are all in full support of this arrangement. What do you guys think?” The Flame Master slowly said. However, his low and deep voice caused the entire place to turn silent.
“We have already fought with the Devil Prison in the past. Perhaps the chaos in the Chaotic Demon Sea is only the first wave. Soon after, the Yimo would sweep across the entire world. At that time, the second world war will truly begin.”
“Will any egg emerge unscathed after the nest is broken? If we do not form an alliance now, countless living beings in this world shall be destroyed.”
The hearts of countless experts pounded upon hearing the Flame Master’s low and deep voice. If a world war was to break out, it was likely that none of them would be able to escape unscathed.
“Moreover, in order to increase our fighting strength, we will open the ‘Ancestral Citadel’ left behind by our teacher back then. At that time, we will allow those who have reached the Samsara stage to enter it. If you get lucky, it might help you to advance to the Reincarnation stage.”
The Flame Master’s final words immediately caused the entire place to erupt into an uproar. In fact, countless Samsara stage experts stood up immediately, before they stared at the Flame Master with heated eyes. 
The atmosphere in the square had reached its peak. After all, that offer was far too tempting.
“The Flame Master is right. My Ten Thousand Sea Heaven Palace is willing to join the alliance.” When he saw that the time was ripe, the blue robed old man took the lead and stood up. Then, he cupped his hands together and said in a respectful manner.
“My Immortal Sage Whale clan is also willing to join the alliance and fight the Yimo together!” Mu Tian also stood up and said.
“My Heaven Sea Cliff is also willing to join the alliance!” Another top expert from the Chaotic Demon Sea stood up and said.
“The Sea Sword Pavilion is willing…”
“We are also willing to join the alliance!”
　　“……”
Within this massive square, many figures suddenly stood up, before low cries sounded in waves. Finally, their voices gathered and shot towards the clouds. Meanwhile, the desire to fight began to rise stealthily. 
When Lin Dong stared at this blood boiling scene in front of him, he involuntarily emitted a soft sigh from his lips. Thanks to the Flame Master’s group and the pressure from the Yimo, this alliance was established rather quickly. However, whether this alliance could truly unleash its might, would still depend on Tang Xinlian’s abilities… 
After an alliance was successfully formed, the next step would be to settle the complicated operational procedures. However, compared to when Lin Dong established his Four Titans Palace, running a mega alliance like this was evidently much more complicated. Fortunately, Lin Dong did not have to worry about it.
These matters naturally fell onto Tang Xinlian’s shoulders. Meanwhile, she began to display her leadership abilities, that left others in shock. Within merely five days, the alliance had already begun to take shape.
Lin Dong and the Spatial Master also acted in unison during these days. They headed to the various large sea regions and built teleportation formations that were interconnected with each other. By doing so, once the Devil Slaying Army was formed, they would be able to stop the rampaging Yimo.
Even though Lin Dong had advanced to the Reincarnation stage, this dangerous and exhausting task still left him bitterly exhausted. In fact, by the time he returned to the Flame Divine Hall, his face was a little pale. 
Within the large hall, when Tang Xinlian, who was busy managing the alliance, saw Lin Dong, she smiled. After which, she personally served him tea and said, “Well done.”
“I caused you so much trouble. This little bit of hardship is nothing.” Lin Dong received the fragrant tea, before he shook his head and said.
“It’s not much of a hassle. Besides, you are not the only one involved. The Yimo have been on a rampage in the Chaotic Demon Sea and this will definitely affect our Flame Divine Hall eventually.” Tang Xinlian smilingly said. “Besides, you are not one of the Ancient Masters. Yet, you chose to involve yourself in such matters.”
“I am not as noble and selfless as them.” Lin Dong laughed bitterly.
“Though they are indeed highly respected individuals, you aren’t so bad yourself.” Tang Xinlian smiled. Meanwhile, there was an enchanting expression within her long eyes. At this moment, she did not carry her usual cool and heroic demeanor. Instead, the smile on her face had became a lot gentler and prettier.
As she stared at Lin Dong, there was clearly a gentle emotion within her eyes. In fact, it was extremely difficult to connect her to that lady, who had once stood confidently in front of countless experts from the Chaotic Demon Sea, before she managed to convince all of them.
“That’s right, how is Xin Qing? You did not bully her, did you?” Tang Xinlian suddenly recalled Xin Qing, who had accompanied Lin Dong to the Demon Region back then, before she asked.
Lin Dong shook his head helplessly before he explained what happened to the Nine-tail tribe.
“I never expected that girl to have such a chance encounter. It is likely that she will be quite incredible after she leaves her seclusion.” Tang Xinlian said in a somewhat surprised manner.
Lin Dong smiled and nodded. He was just about to speak when a spatial fluctuation once again appeared in the hall. After which, the Spatial Master, Flame Master, Ying Huanhuan and the rest showed up in a flash.
“We should have set up all the teleportation formations.” The Spatial Master smiled at the two of them and said.
“We have troubled all of you.” Tang Xinlian hurriedly replied.
Ying Huanhuan sat down elegantly on her chair. Her delicate hand was holding an emerald jade cup. After a brief moment of silence, she used her icy blue eyes to stare at Lin Dong before she said, “We will be opening the Ancestral Citadel tomorrow.”
All of a sudden, Lin Dong felt that the atmosphere within the large hall had turned quiet. When he once again saw the faint smile on Ying Huanhuan’s face, though he felt stifled in his heart, in the end, he nodded his head gently.





Chapter 1278: Opening the Ancestral Citadel
The next day. Within the Flame Divine Hall, a couple of figures stood in midair. Meanwhile, in their vicinity, there were countless experts staring at them from afar. Moreover, all of them had an excited expression within their eyes, which could not be concealed. Clearly, through certain means, they learnt that today was the day whereby six Ancient Masters would join forces to open the “Ancestral Citadel”, a place left behind by the legendary Symbol Ancestor.
It was rumoured that if one trains within the “Ancestral Citadel”, one would have a much higher chance of making a breakthrough. This was especially the case for Samsara stage experts. In fact, they were able to make use of it to take the most important step forward, and advance to the Reincarnation stage!
This frightening ability caused countless people to become envious. In fact, it was likely that only a legendary figure like the Symbol Ancestor, could leave such a divine item behind.
Ying Huanhuan and the other five stood quietly in the sky. Although there wasn’t an earth shaking commotion, everyone could sense the frightening waves churning beneath the calm exterior.
Lin Dong was standing at a short distance away from them. Behind him, Qingzhi, Qingtan, Mo Luo and Tang Xinlian were also looking in the same direction.
“Let’s begin.” Ying Huanhuan glanced at the five of them before she softly said.
The Darkness Master and the four others exchanged glances with each other upon hearing this. Then, a complicated emotion flashed across their eyes before they gently nodded.
“Yan.”
Ying Huanhuan beckoned with her hand before a warm light shot out from within Lin Dong’s body. Finally, it turned into the Ancestor Stone and floated in midair. After which, Yan’s body also appeared outside the Ancestor Stone.
“Do you really want to open the Ancestral Citadel?” Yan glanced at Ying Huanhuan. Then, he hesitated for a moment before he asked.
“At a time like this, do you still think that I am joking?” Ying Huanhuan asked faintly.
Yan laughed bitterly before he nodded helplessly. Then, his body moved before he tunneled into the Ancestor Stone. After which, the Ancestor Stone landed in Ying Huanhuan’s palm.
Ying Huanhuan toyed with the warm Ancestor Stone in her hand. Then, a glint flashed across her pretty blue eyes, before she tilted her head and smiled at Lin Dong, who was at a short distance away.
When Lin Dong saw her smile, he did not feel the slightest joy. Instead, he felt that the uneasy sensation within his heart had intensified. When he realized this, he promptly rushed forward before he appeared beside Ying Huanhuan. Grabbing her wrist, he asked, “Can we stop now? I can train by myself.”
Ying Huanhuan lowered her pretty eyes and replied, “The Ancestral Citadel is a treasure left behind by teacher to help us to fight the Yimo. It is able to increase the fighting strength of our forces. Therefore, I am not opening the Ancestral Citadel just for you. It is also for the sake of winning the second world war.”
Lin Dong gritted his teeth gently.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” Ying Huanhuan smiled. Then, she extended her delicate arms before she gently hugged Lin Dong. After which, she swung her jade like arm, before the Ancestor Stone in her hand shot forward.
“Let’s begin.”
A bright and intense light suddenly erupted from within the Ancestor Stone. After which, those light rays entwined in the sky before they seemingly formed a massive formation.
“It is your turn now!” Yan’s voice was emitted from within the Ancestor Stone.
“Flame!”
The Flame Master was the first to act. With a grave expression on his face, he stomped gently with his foot. Promptly, monstrous flames swept out from within his body. Moreover, these flames were all made up of Yuan Power and they were extremely hot. In fact, they were filled with the strength of the Blazing Ancestral Symbol.
The Flame Master swung his sleeve, before the frightening Yuan Power flames promptly charged into that huge formation. Immediately, they caused the formation to become increasingly solidified. 
“Space!”
A loud cry was emitted from within this place, before silver Yuan Power spluttered forth.
“Darkness!”
“Chaos!”
“Thunderbolt!”
Another three equally frightening energy whizzed forward. Finally, they entwined with one another. In fact, due to those frightening energy, even the world began to tremble.
Five frightening streams of energy poured into that light formation. After which, a bright and resplendent light erupted from within the formation. Meanwhile, one could vaguely see an ancient citadel located within that light.
After they did their part, the Flame Master and the four others turned their heads and looked at Ying Huanhuan. After which, the latter clenched her teeth gently before an ancient icy symbol surfaced in her hand. Promptly, her originally icy blue pretty eyes became much colder.
“Ice!”
A voice that seemed capable of freezing the air itself, left Ying Huanhuan’s lips. Promptly, she waved her jade like hands, before snow white cold aura began to spread in all directions. Then, they actually transformed into a huge ice phoenix, before it flapped its wings and soared. Finally, that phoenix charged into the formation.
After that large ice phoenix charge into the formation, the five streams of energy originally present in the formation, were forced to take a few steps back. However, soon after, as the six of them manipulated their respective energy, the six frightening streams of energy began to merge. Finally, they assimilated completely with the formation itself.
Rumble!
Right after the six streams of energy merged, that massive formation began to tremble violently. Following which, bright light erupted before that blurry ancient citadel began to look increasingly vivid.
Ying Huanhuan and the other five continued to channel their frightening energy. This directly caused the surrounding Yuan Power to churn and boil wildly.
“Form!”
Suddenly, the pupils of Ying Huanhuan’s group hardened. After which, all of them formed a mysterious seal with their hands, before a strange ripple began to spread.
Buzz buzz!
After that ripple was transmitted into the huge formation, the formation began to tremble violently. After the light gradually scattered, white fog rose. Following which, a huge ancient citadel had actually appeared above the formation from out of nowhere!
The ancient citadel looked relatively old and it did not look like a luxurious place. The citadel’s surroundings were also covered with mysterious and obscure symbols. Meanwhile, a mysterious and obscure fluctuation, which could not be described with words, spread. Vaguely, it seemed like divine music was playing as well. 
“Is this the Ancestral Citadel?”
Countless individuals stared at this ancient citadel, which had appeared within the formation, with wild heat in their eyes. Was this the object left behind by that legendary Symbol Ancestor?
Currently, there was a light barrier outside the citadel, forming a natural obstacle which prevented anyone from entering. Obviously, not everyone could enter a place like this.
“Ancestral Citadel.”
Lin Dong lifted his head to stare at that ancient citadel. Soon after, he turned to look at Ying Huanhuan, who was standing in front of him. Following which, he quickly stepped forward and asked in a concerned manner, “Are you alright?”
Currently, Ying Huanhuan had a slightly pale expression on her pretty face. She faced Lin Dong before she smiled and shook her head. After which, she stealthily kept her small delicate hand within her sleeve before she said, “Let’s go in together.”
After she spoke those words, she headed directly towards the Ancestral Citadel. When Lin Dong saw this, he hesitated for a moment before he quickly followed behind. 
When Ying Huanhuan approached the citadel, the ice symbol in her hand flashed twice. Immediately, the light barrier outside the formation slowly tore apart. Following which, Ying Huanhuan’s body moved before she dashed inside.
Lin Dong quickly followed her in. His feet had only just landed in the Ancestral Citadel, when he realized that his body had became much heavier. He lifted his head in surprise, only to realize that there were countless tiny raindrops falling within the Ancestral Citadel. Moreover, it seemed as though these rain droplets were able to float as they did not land on the ground. When Lin Dong extended his hand to touch one of them, his heart suddenly shook. This was because he realized that there were Reincarnation fluctuations hidden within these rain droplets!
“What a frightening creation.”
Lin Dong was completely bewildered. It’s no wonder the Ancestral Citadel could vastly increase the odds that one could make a successful breakthrough to the Reincarnation stage. It turns out there were actually such mysteries here. 
“This is only the outer part of the Ancestral Citadel.”
Ying Huanhuan said softly. However, her footsteps did not stop as she headed directly towards the deepest part of the Ancestral Citadel. Lin Dong quickly followed behind.
The both of them crossed many courtyards before they finally arrived at the deepest part of the Ancestral Citadel. Currently, the square was filled with lush green trees. Moreover, these trees were all emitting powerful Reincarnation ripples. This caused Lin Dong to be bewildered. This was indeed an item left behind by the Symbol Ancestor.
Lin Dong surveyed the place. Finally, he focused his attention on the middle of the rock square. At that spot, he saw a stone statue. Meanwhile, that stone statue was holding onto a wooden staff. However, for some unknown reason, Lin Dong was unable to see his face. In fact, he felt like there was an incomparably mysterious light surging on that face, which prevented anyone from probing.
While Lin Dong was staring at that mysterious stone statue, he suddenly realized that the three Ancestral Symbols within his body were emitting a buzzing sound. In fact, it was a respectful and reverent noise. This caused the shock within his heart to intensify. Other than the Symbol Ancestor, who else in this world could make the Ancestral Symbols reveal such emotions?!
“Is that… the Symbol Ancestor?” Lin Dong asked cautiously.
Ying Huanhuan nodded gently. After which, she walked to the front of the stone statue, before she knelt down gently. Upon seeing this, Lin Dong also knelt down beside her. Ignoring the strength of the Symbol Ancestor, just the latter’s desire to protect this world, was sufficient to get Lin Dong to kneel down and respect him sincerely.
“Teacher.”
Ying Huanhuan looked at the stone statue, before grief and yearning surged within her eyes. A long while later, she finally kowtowed three times in front of that stone statue before she finally stood up.
“There is a training ground created by teacher within this stone statue. I will send you inside. Moreover, unless you successfully create a Divine Palace, you will not be able to escape.” Ying Huanhuan said.
“Huh?” Lin Dong was stunned. He laughed bitterly, “Isn’t this a little too cruel?”
It was no mean feat to form a Divine Palace. Otherwise, the Ice Master wouldn’t be the only one amongst the eight Ancient Masters, who was able to do so. 
“Why are you doubting yourself?” Ying Huanhuan used her icy blue pretty eyes to stare at Lin Dong before she asked.
Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath and nodded slowly. Then, he extended his arms before he pulled Ying Huanhuan into his embrace. Finally, he softly said, “You can be rest assured. Like I said, I will definitely surpass her.”
Ying Huanhuan gently leaned her head on his shoulder before she said, “The training ground within the stone statue has a time warp ratio of one to ten. Previously, your strength has soared far too rapidly. You can take this opportunity to stabilize your strength.”
Lin Dong nodded. The Symbol Ancestor was truly incredible. In fact, he was even able to do something as unbelievable as distorting the flow of time.
“Go in.”
Ying Huanhuan gently swung her hand, before that stone statue began to squirm. After which, a light halo appeared. Meanwhile, it seemed as though there was an endless void within that light halo. 
When Lin Dong saw this, he nodded solemnly. Without further ado, he walked forward. After which, he entered the light halo in front of Ying Huanhuan’s eyes.
Buzz.
That light halo shook, before it disappeared stealthily. When Ying Huanhuan saw this sight, she released a deep breath. Subsequently, she extended her small hand from under her sleeve. As she looked at her transformed right hand, a complicated emotion flashed across her pretty eyes.





Chapter 1279: Training Journey
Ying Huanhuan lowered her head and looked at her right hand. At this moment, her originally fair jade like small hand had became crystal clear, and it looked just like an ice block, which had been frozen for tens of thousands of years. Meanwhile, there were many flower like icy symbols carved on it. When she clenched her right hand gently and felt the frightening power surging within, the expression within her eyes became increasingly complex.
Such familiar power.
“Sigh.”
A sigh sounded from behind. Ying Huanhuan turned her head and saw the Darkness Master standing behind her. Meanwhile, when the latter saw Ying Huanhuan’s small icy crystal like hand, she laughed bitterly. She did not know whether she should despair or rejoice.
“Fortunately, only one hand has mutated.” Ying Huanhuan smiled towards the Darkness Master and said.
The Darkness Master walked towards her. Then, she used her small delicate hand to hold Ying Huanhuan’s small icy crystal clear hand. Immediately, a frightening chill was transmitted to the latter’s palm. In fact, despite the Darkness Master’s formidable strength, she could still feel a stinging pain on her palm.
“For your power, once you loosen the restraints, they will gradually begin to seep forth until they eventually spread across your entire body. At that time… you will become just like how you were in the past.” The Darkness Master muttered.
Ying Huanhuan was silent for a moment. “There is no need to be overly worried. I might still be able to retain my character even after I regain this power.”
The smile on the Darkness Master’s face looked a little bitter. After all, in the past, she had witnessed the eventual outcome after the Ice Master used this power. At that time, the latter’s emotions seemed to have froze completely as she became icy cold. In fact, it caused one to shiver just by looking at her.
“If he comes out and see your current state…” The Darkness Master looked at the stone statue before she sighed.
Ying Huanhuan used her icy blue pretty eyes to stare at the stone statue, before a faint smile appeared on her face. Then, she said “That fool is always trying to surpass me… However, does he really think that it was going to be so easy to surpass me?”
After she uttered her final sentence, one could not tell whether the smile on her lips was a bitter one. At times, being too outstanding would also cause one to feel helpless.
With the same thought in mind, the Darkness Master also nodded. Surpassing little junior sister? This was indeed a mean feat. In fact, amongst the eight of them, the Ice Master was the Symbol Ancestor’s last disciple. However, out of the eight of them, she was also the one with the greatest accomplishments. At the same time, the Symbol Ancestor once said that she was perhaps the only one who had the qualifications to reach his level.
How could it be so easy to surpass this abnormal monster, someone whom even the term genius fails to adequately describe? 
“Hopefully, this fellow will be able to form a Divine Palace. Otherwise, there is no way he can surpass you.” The Darkness Master said.
“He can do it.” Ying Huanhuan smiled. Then, she retrieved a narrow snow white long glove before she used it to hide her somewhat mutated small hand. After which, she drew with the tip of her finger before an icy cold symbol landed on the glove. Finally, that symbol hid itself. 
The frightening cold aura emitted from Ying Huanhuan’s hand gradually disappeared after that symbol hid itself.
The Darkness Master could only shake her head upon seeing this. At this juncture, she could not bring herself to say anything more.
“What should we do next?” A booming voice sounded. After which, the Flame Master and the rest asked Ying Huanhuan after they arrived at this place.
“Since the alliance in the Chaotic Demon Sea has been formed, it shouldn’t be a problem to count on them to fight the Yimo. Let’s… go and look for those fellows.” Ying Huanhuan tied up her icy blue long hair. Meanwhile, a cold aura was flowing within her pretty eyes.
“I have a feeling that they are up to something. Therefore, it’s best to find them as soon as possible. Setting the Yimo on a rampage is merely an attempt to divert our attention and prevent us from disrupting them.”
The Flame Master and the rest nodded after hearing this.
“Additionally, let’s pick some Samsara stage experts with potential and allow them to enter the Ancestral Citadel to train. In the event that another world war erupts, we will need to raise our overall strength.” Ying Huanhuan thought for a moment. Then, she tilted her head before she said, “Allow Qingtan to enter the inner palace to train.”
The inner palace was considered as a relatively important place within the Ancestral Citadel. Although it was inferior to the training ground, which could distort the flow of time, it was much better than the other training grounds. Since Qingtan and Lin Dong were brother and sister, she naturally wanted to give Qingtan better treatment.
“Let’s go. It’s time to get going.”
Ying Huanhuan took the lead and walked forward after saying this. Just as she was about to turn at a corner, she once again turned her head and gave a deep glance at the stone statue. Meanwhile, she clenched her small hand, which was now wearing a snow white glove.
“Lin Dong, you will definitely succeed… I will wait for you.”
　　……
The instant Lin Dong stepped into the stone statue, he clearly felt his world spin. The stars shifted before a faint giddy sensation surged within his mind. He was just about to expel this giddiness, when he realized that the place in front of him had changed drastically.
An ancient altar had appeared in front of Lin Dong. Meanwhile, around the altar, there were towering stone stairs leading into the clouds. A somewhat damaged futon was located at the top of these stone stairs.
In the altar’s surroundings, was endless void. At a glance, one could only see the ink like darkness. The altar was like a floating ephemera in this empty void, and it looked exceptionally mysterious.
Lin Dong ascended that stone stairs, before he slowly climbed towards the altar. Finally, he arrived at the top. That old and damaged futon seemed to have been made from grass and it was hardly eye-catching. However, Lin Dong was able to detect a lingering aura on it, that seemed to tower above the world. 
This was… left behind by the Symbol Ancestor!
Lin Dong had a grave expression on his face. Since the beginning of time, other than the Symbol Ancestor, no one else ever possessed such aura.
This should be a place where the Symbol Ancestor once trained in.
“I am supposed to form my Divine Palace here, huh…”
Lin Dong rubbed his head as he felt a little pressured. Although his Mental Energy had advanced to the Supreme Symbol Master level, he knew the terrifying gap that existed between his cultivation level and the Divine Palace Master level.
“However… no matter how difficult it is, I must complete it.”
Lin Dong curled his lips. After Ying Huanhuan opened the Ancestral Citadel, he vaguely felt that something was amiss. If his guess was correct, doing so must have harmed her in certain aspects. However, she had purposefully hid this fact from him.
“I know that it is extremely difficult to surpass you. However… it’s not like me to give up now.”
Lin Dong smiled. Promptly, he slowly sat down on that old and damaged futon, before he shut both his eyes. Then, his mind gradually sunk into his Niwan Palace. Creating a Divine Palace basically meant transforming one’s Niwan Palace into a Divine Palace. However, just this step alone, seemed practically impossible from a certain point of view. 
The Niwan Palace was something that was formed naturally. Moreover, it was extremely mysterious and unlike the Dantian, one could not easily probe it. This was because the Niwan Palace was usually roaming around. Moreover, at times, it was perhaps just an extremely faint speck of light. However, it contained the Mental Energy spirit of a person.
If one’s Dantian was destroyed, one might still be able to survive. However, if one’s Mental Energy was erased, one would become a vegetable with no consciousness. In fact, the creation of the Divine Palace could very likely hurt one’s Niwan Palace, which was inevitably hurt one’s Mental Energy spirit. At that time, not only would one’s Divine Palace fail to form, but one would become a vegetable as well.
Since the beginning of time, this situation had occurred rather frequently. This was also the reason why many peak experts, whose Mental Energy cultivation had reached the Supreme Symbol Master level, did not dare to attempt this step. This was because they knew that this step would most likely kill them.
However, this fear was clearly unable to shake Lin Dong’s resolve. After all, he knew that in this world, one had to take risks in order to acquire strength. Therefore, if he lacked the courage to try and make contact with this strength, he would not go far in his cultivation journey. At that time, he can only dream on if he wants to surpass the Ice Master… 
Lin Dong was seated quietly. However, his mind had entered into another world. Lightning gathered, hurricane blew, ice fell like rain. It was exactly like the harsh scene that took place during the chaos era.
This was Lin Dong’s Niwan Palace.
Lin Dong’s mind floated within his wild and violent Niwan Palace. After which, a thought passed through his mind before his Mental Energy began to gather. Finally, it transformed into a Mental Energy body, whose appearance was exactly the same as that of Lin Dong.
Lin Dong’s Mental Energy body was observing his wild and violent Niwan Palace. Promptly, he gave a faint smile. This was because he could sense the vast and mighty Mental Energy surging within this place. However, it was clear that if he wanted to form a Divine Palace, his Mental Energy had to be tougher and more life-like. 
In the past, he was focused on his Yuan Power cultivation, and was a little laxed when it came to his Mental Energy cultivation. However, since he wanted to form a Divine Palace now, he had to make up for it. 
This would require quite a long period of time. Fortunately, he had quite a lot of time now. This was because time in this training ground was ten times slower than the outside world. Therefore, spending ten years here was equivalent to spending one year outside. As such, Lin Dong could take this time to properly train various aspects of his Mental Energy, which he was lacking in.
Huff.
Lin Dong’s Mental Energy body exhaled a white breath of air. After which, he sat down. In his vicinity, wild and violent thunderbolts and hurricanes continuously howled around him. However, they never touched his body.
After entering a meditative state, the vast and mighty Mental Energy within his Niwan Palace suddenly transformed into threads. After which, like tiny white dragons, they began to tunnel into Lin Dong’s body through his nostrils. Soon after, they tunneled out from within his body. However, when they left, those Mental Energy threads were all tougher and more life-like than before. Moreover, they were also glimmering faintly. 
As Lin Dong continued to inhale and exhale, an increasing amount of Mental Energy began to gush towards him. Finally, they transformed into a cluster of thick white fog, and wrapped around his body.
Lin Dong was seated quietly within. Meanwhile, his body was just like a statue.
In order to temper all the Mental Energy here, it was clearly going to take a long period of time. Moreover, this was something that Lin Dong clearly knew. However, he was not anxious at all. Instead, he thoroughly calmed his mind, and his heart remained clear at all times. In fact, he would occasionally forget where he was. Instead, all he did was to inhale and temper his Mental Energy instinctively… 
Time quietly flowed by within this wild and violent Niwan Palace. Meanwhile, that figure continued to remain unbudging. In fact, his entire body seemed to be covered with dust. In the blink of an eye, one year had passed.





Chapter 1280: Turmoil</title><story></story></item>




Chapter 1281: Forming a Divine Palace
An ancient altar stood quietly within the void. Meanwhile, at the top of the altar, there was a skinny figure quietly seated like a statue. Currently, his body felt somewhat icy cold and his breath was so soft that it was nearly inaudible. If it was not because it was still possible to vaguely detect a trace of Life Qi from him, it was likely that everyone would think that this person was merely a lifeless corpse.
There was no sound in this strange place. It was so quiet, appearing as though it was isolated from the flow of time. In fact, no one could sense it nor reach it.
All of a sudden, the skinny figure seated on top of the altar suddenly trembled gently, before he slowly opened his tightly shut eyes. His black eyes were as dark as the night sky. As he gently knitted his brows, there seemed to be a helpless and confused expression between them. 
“Why do I keep failing?”
Lin Dong muttered to himself. This should be the fourth year he had spent in this place. In other words, he had trained for four years. Other than the first year, where he was refining his Mental Energy, he had spent the remaining three years attempting to form a Divine Palace. However, without exception, all his attempts had ran into failure. 
Although he had been repeatedly analyzing the reason behind his failures since the beginning, and had reached a relatively perfect state, for some unknown reason, the Divine Palace that he formed only possessed the right form. However, it did not feel as though he had advanced to a different level.
“Why did I fail… my Mental Energy are extremely well-refined. Why can’t I create a Divine Palace within my Niwan Palace?”
Lin Dong frowned, while his eyes continued to glimmer. Meanwhile, his eyes were filled with doubt and confusion. Even after fretting over it for such a long time, he made little headway with the problem. Therefore, all he could do was to sigh, before he shut his eyes and prepared to make another attempt.
“Huh?”
However, just as he was about to make another attempt, he was suddenly startled. Then, he glanced at the stone floor on the ground. At that spot, there were some intersecting marks. However, from the looks of it, they should have been created randomly.
These marks were extremely rough and simple. Meanwhile, there was a dot, which was connected to several deep scars. In fact, it looked as though this dot was completely destroyed.  
Lin Dong looked at these random marks before he shook his head in disappointment. Then, he once again shut his eyes. However, a moment later, he suddenly opened them again. As he once again looked at those random marks, a tinge of doubt flashed across his eyes. 
This dot seemed somewhat similar to his Niwan Palace. Meanwhile, these interconnected marks had destroyed it. Could it be that the Divine Palace was not remodeled from the Niwan Palace… Instead, one must completely destroy it in order to build a new one?
This was… to destroy then create?
Lin Dong’s heart was pounding violently. Destroy his Niwan Palace first? What a joke? One’s Niwan Palace was formed naturally at birth. Once it was destroyed, it would cause one’s spirit to drift off. Moreover, the end result was something that he could not handle.
If his Niwan Palace was broken and his Divine Palace was not formed, wouldn’t that mean that all his Mental Energy attainment would simply vanish? In fact, it might even affect his mind and he could even turn into an idiot… 
This heavy price caused even someone like Lin Dong to hesitate for a moment. However, he vaguely deduced that this might be the true path leading to the Divine Palace Master level.
Should he destroy or not?
The expression within Lin Dong’s eyes were changing rapidly. Meanwhile, he was clearly struggling with this decision in his heart. This continued for a long time before he finally gently inhaled a breath of air. Following which, he suddenly clenched his hand before a determined glint flashed across his dark black eyes.
If he did not possess strong determination, how could he possibly attain great strength? Moreover, how could he possibly surpass the Ice Master?
After making up his mind, Lin Dong ceased hesitating. Shutting both his eyes, a thought passed through his mind before he arrived in front of his Niwan Palace. Currently, his Niwan Palace was just like a tiny speckle of light, that was roaming around gently. Meanwhile, powerful Mental Energy ripples were being emitted from it.
Lin Dong’s mind was observing that speckle of light. Then, a thought passed through his mind before the mighty Mental Energy within his Niwan Palace began to shrink and adhere together at a frightening pace. Within a short moment, all the Mental Energy within his Niwan Palace had turned into a human head sized Mental Energy ball. This ball appeared solid-like and its surface was as smooth as a mirror. Moreover, the terrifying fluctuations within caused even peak experts, who had passed two Reincarnation Tribulations, to tremble in fear.
When this condensation reached its limits, all of a sudden, the Mental Energy ball began to tremble violently. Meanwhile, cracks began to appear on its surface before they started to grow. Following which, many destructive rays of light shot out from within.
When the intensity of these light rays reached their limits, a bright sun seemingly rose within Lin Dong’s Niwan Palace. Subsequently, a destructive fluctuation spread before his entire Niwan Palace exploded.
Bang!
Lin Dong’s body began to tremble violently at this moment. Following which, his Niwan Palace exploded before all the Mental Energy within began to surge forward uncontrollably like floodwaters.
Lin Dong forcefully endured the intense pain within his head, as he quickly collected the Mental Energy, which had became extremely wild and violent after they were no longer restrained by his Niwan Palace. After all, if he allowed this frightening Mental Energy to go on a rampage within his body, it was likely that he would be shattered into pieces even though he was protected by the Primal Dragon Bone.
Resplendent purple-gold light swept across the place. Meanwhile, the Primal Dragon Bone within Lin Dong’s body had also detected a hint of danger. A low and deep dragon roar sounded, before the purple-gold light transformed into numerous large purple-gold dragons. After which, they formed a dragon barrier and trapped all the rampaging Mental Energy within.
At this moment, the three Ancestral Symbols have also appeared. Following which, they surrounded the Mental Energy and prevented anything from escaping. Light flashed before they were finally able to stop Lin Dong’s Mental Energy from going out of control.
At this moment, Lin Dong’s heart was filled with anxiety. After all, his Niwan Palace was destroyed and it was impossible for him to restrain his Mental Energy indefinitely in this fashion. Therefore, if he was unable to create a “Divine Palace”, he would lose control of his Mental Energy and his spirit would also vanish. At that time, he would end up suffering a massive blow.
Although he was in dire straits, Lin Dong was someone who had experienced numerous life and death situations. Hence, he did not panic. A thought passed through his mind before he began to maneuver his Mental Energy and merge them together to form a Divine Palace, just like what he did within his Niwan Palace previously. 
Vast and mighty Mental Energy surged. After which, they slowly merged together. At this moment, his Mental Energy was like a flowing liquid. Meanwhile, it seemed as though the outline of a Divine Palace was appearing stealthily.
Lin Dong was maneuvering his Mental Energy cautiously, as he slowly began to complete the numerous steps needed to form a Divine Palace. However, this was evidently a massive project. Therefore, in spite of Lin Dong’s abilities, he still ended up exhausting quite a lot of time. Fortunately, Lin Dong was in this training ground and no one would disturb him in a place like this. Otherwise, the consequences would be quite dire if he lost control of his Mental Energy.
Time slowly passed. In the blink of an eye, two months had passed. Meanwhile, his Divine Palace was gradually taking shape. His Divine Palace was tall and majestic, mighty and grand. In fact, it looked like the home of gods. 
Lin Dong’s mind was observing this newly formed Divine Palace. Meanwhile, wild joy involuntarily surged within his heart. Following which, a thought passed through his mind before his vast and mighty Mental Energy began to gush into his Divine Palace like floodwaters.
However, after his Mental Energy gushed into his Divine Palace, the wild joy within Lin Dong’s heart suddenly turned cold. This was because he realized that after his Mental Energy entered his Divine Palace, they neither formed a cycle nor showed signs of spontaneous creation. 
In the past, when his Mental Energy entered his Niwan Palace, it would be akin to a bird returning to its nest and there would be a peaceful sensation. However, this sensation was nowhere to be found. 
Clearly, this Divine Palace was unable to replace his Niwan Palace!
Henceforth, Lin Dong would have to grasp firmly onto his Mental Energy and prevent them from escaping. However, if he did so, he would never have the time to do anything else. In other words, he was tied down by his own Mental Energy.
Cold sweat was continuously dripping off Lin Dong’s body as he stared at his Divine Palace. Could it be that something was missing?
Why was it that the Divine Palace created by him, was unable to replace his Niwan Palace?
Lin Dong’s mind was spinning rapidly. He vaguely felt that his Divine Palace was still lacking. However, he did not know what it was lacking… 
Time slowly passed. However, Lin Dong could not make any headway. Meanwhile, his heart sunk involuntarily. Was he still unable to break this stalemate?
Seated on the altar, Lin Dong’s eyes were tightly shut while his body was drenched with cold sweat. The cold sweat dripped down from his body before they landed on that old and damaged futon. Faintly, a glint vaguely flashed from the futon in the process.
Moreover, the instant that flash occurred, an extremely ancient voice seemingly sounded within Lin Dong’s heart, “Zenith.”
This voice, that appeared suddenly, caused Lin Dong’s body to stiffen. However, even before he could think about where this voice came from, a eureka moment violently flashed across his mind, “Zenith Sensing Art?!”
“Is that what’s missing?”
This thought appeared in Lin Dong’s mind. Without further ado, he quickly immersed himself within the Zenith Sensing Art. A long while later, traces of Primal Chaos Light finally shot forth.
That Primal Chaos Light landed on his Divine Palace. After which, his Divine Palace emitted a clear roar. At this moment, the seemingly dead Divine Palace seemed to possess life. In fact, light was flowing on the surface of the Divine Palace, while lifeforce radiated from it.
Rumble.
Mental Energy was flowing within the Divine Palace. In fact, it appeared as though they had faintly formed a basic cycle. Moreover, Lin Dong realized that the moment his Divine Palace was formed, it seemed to have established a divine connection with that mysterious and profound Zenith, as traces of Primal Chaos Light continuously gushed towards it.
Mental Energy churned. Those traces of Primal Chaos Light began to merge with Lin Dong’s Mental Energy. Soon after, Lin Dong realized that after his Mental Energy merged with the Primal Chaos Light, they began to undergo a drastic change.
This was a metamorphosis.
Lin Dong came to a comprehension in his heart. Therefore, he gradually calmed his mind down before he quietly guarded his Divine Palace. Regardless of how violent his Mental Energy churned, Lin Dong knew that the Divine Palace would be able to truly replace his Niwan Palace after his Mental Energy completed their transformation!
However… it seemed like this process would require a relatively long period of time. Fortunately, as of now, Lin Dong was not pressed for time. 
Hence, all he had to do was to quietly wait for the day of completion.





 Chapter 1282: The Three Great Alliances
Time flew by.
A year had already passed in the world outside the training ground. There were far too many important matters that had occurred over this one year period. First, was the chaos in the Chaotic Demon Sea. The moment the a deadlock of sorts emerged between the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance and the Yimo, news of the Yimos attacking the Demon Region started to spread. Initially, some of the factions within the Demon Region relied on their own strength in an attempt to finish off those Yimo. Unfortunately, it resulted in rivers of blood and land dotted with corpses wherever the Yimo passed. Any obstruction was completely eradicated by them.
Blood seemed to have dyed the entire sky of the Demon Region red.
After all the factions in the northwest area of the Demon Region were exterminated by Devil Prison, the Demon Region finally began to shudder. Various large tribes and factions began to understand just how frightening of an opponent they were facing. 
Fear spread, and they began to learn that there was not a single faction in this world that could withstand Devil Prison. Even the overlord tribes within the Demon Region were unable to do it.
Fortunately, the Ancient Masters arrived just as Devil Prison was about to completely devastate the Demon Region. After which, the four overlord tribes and eight king tribes established an alliance within the Demon Region with the help of the various Ancient Masters.
The moment the Demon Region alliance was formed, the countless factions within the Demon Region came flooding towards it. If they did not unite at such a time, it was likely that only death would await them.
The Demon Region alliance was under the combined controlled of the four great overlord tribes. Given their reputation within the Demon Region, no one was dissatisfied with this arrangement. However, the Demon Region alliance did not have someone like Tang Xinlian, who possessed a perfect ability to command. Moreover, the four great overlord tribes were extremely proud and of equal strength. Hence, there were some disputes about the authority within the alliance. This resulted in the Demon Region alliance suffering repeated defeats under the offensive of Devil Prison in the first month after it was formed.
This situation undoubtedly caused all the Ancient Masters to become extremely furious. They directly summoned the tribe leaders of the four overlord tribes. After a series of scoldings and pressure, the four overlord tribes had no choice but to select someone who could truly command the power of the alliance. After a several selections, this position eventually landed on the Celestial Demon Marten tribe.
The tribe leader of the Celestial Demon Marten tribe placed this burden on Little Marten. Strangely, the various Ancient Masters did not have any objections towards this choice. Hence, the decision was made. Little Marten became the only alliance chief of the Demon Region alliance.
With the internal conflicts within the alliance settled, it was finally able to use all of its power. Little Marten also displayed extremely outstanding ability. Although he was inferior when compared to Tang Xinlian, who was able to swiftly enable the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance to block the Devil Prison’s attacks, the Demon Region alliance was at least able to oppose Devil Prison, and no longer suffered great losses like before.
This face-off continued for around half a year or so. After which, several sudden incidents caused the Demon Region alliance’s strength to soar. One was the return and advancement to the Reincarnations stage of the powerful individuals that had been selected to go to the ‘Ancestral Citadel’. The other was that the fifth overlord tribe that had suddenly emerged in the Demon Region.
This overlord tribe was called the Nine-tail tribe, and was one of the former overlord tribes. However, it had subsequently declined. No one had expected that this Nine-tail tribe, which had disappeared for many years, would actually appear again at such a time. Moreover, the strength they displayed when they reappeared shocked the entire Demon Region.
The tribe leader of the Nine-tail tribe seemed to be an extremely bewitching young lady who could pull anyone’s heartstrings. Her strength was so frightening that even those peak Reincarnations stage experts were somewhat fearful of her. This was because this young lady had not only advanced into the Reincarnation stage, but had also experienced one Reincarnation Tribulation!
Besides her, the overall strength of the Nine-tail tribe did not lose to the other overlord tribes. How could this not shock the other factions?
After the Nine-tail tribe appeared out of nowhere, the Demon Region alliance swiftly made contact with them. Ultimately, the current Demon Region alliance Devil Slaying Commander, Lin Yan, personally went to greet them. It was not long before the Nine-tail tribe agreed to join the Demon Region alliance. Moreover, they did not have any intentions of vying for power, and had no objections to Little Marten being the commander.
With the additions of this powerful force, the strength of the Demon Region alliance undoubtedly soared greatly. It was finally able to gradually obtain an upper hand in the fight against the invading Yimo forces.
The situation within the Demon Region also ended up in a stalemate as s result.
However, it was obvious that the upper echelon of Devil Prison did not wish for peace in this world. Hence, they began to stretch their demonic hands towards the four great Xuan Regions after the situation within the Demon Region began to stabilize.
With their two prior experiences, Devil Prison clearly acted a lot faster this time. Before anyone could react, half of the western region of the four great Xuan Regions had been massacred.
News of this dreadful situation spread rapidly. Only after the quick arrival of the Ancient Masters was Devil Prison stopped. After which, the Ancient Masters swiftly ordered the four great Xuan Regions to form an alliance. This time, the alliance was swiftly established. This was largely credited to Darkness Palace. Sure enough, the position of alliance chief of the Four Xuan Region alliance was taken by Qingtan.
Ever since she had emerged from the Ancestral Citadel, Qingtan had truly advanced into the Reincarnation stage. With the aid of the Darkness Ancestral Symbol and the Darkness Saint Scythe, she was able to fight even against those experts who had experienced two Reincarnation Tribulations. Moreover, with her status as the master of Darkness Palace, there was no one within the four Xuan Regions who could contest her for the position of alliance chief. This allowed the four Xuan Regions more time to establish an alliance army. After a couple of months of bloody battle, they ended up abandoning the entire Western Xuan Region, but was able to successfully protect the other three regions.
Hence, three great alliances were officially formed within this world. Each of them guarded the Chaotic Demon Sea, Demon Region and Four Xuan Regions. Countless factions, sects and races gathered together. In the face of the merciless pressure from Devil Prison, all of barriers had disappeared, and the various factions united. All of them clearly understood that if they did not eliminate Devil Prison, none of the countless lives in this world would have a good end.
At that time, life would be misery, and everyone would fall under the control of the Yimo. They would become the most pitiful slaves.
As the three great alliances shaped up, the situation was gradually controlled. The invasion of Devil Prison had also been stopped. Ying Huanhuan and the other Ancient Masters, who had stabilized the situation, were finally freed to do other things.
　　……
Eastern Xuan Region.
Ying Huanhuan, the Flame Master, the Darkness Master and the others were floating in the sky outside of Dao Sect.
Ying Huanhuan glanced around her. After which, she said in a faint voice, “I plan to open the Heaven Eye.”
The coldness of her voice reached all the way to into the bone. Air ripples as her voice spread, showing signs of solidifying into ice. She also felt this and involuntarily bunched her brows together. Soon after, she lowered her head. Her two arms were wrapped in slender white long-sleeved gloves.
A faint but frighteningly cold Qi emanated from within her gloves.
The Darkness Master and the other four were stunned when they heard this. Soon after, they asked, “Haven’t we already opened it once?”
They had already opened the Heaven Eye a month ago in an attempt to find the upper echelons of Devil Prison. However, it had ended in failure. Those fellows were clearly well prepared.
“There is no need for all of you to do anything.” Ying Huanhuan shook her head. After which, she glanced at a mountain a nearby where a tall and beautiful figure was standing. She wore a white dress, and had an extremely beautiful face. Her beauty and her distant yet calm aura was just like the hidden orchards in an empty valley. A sight that left one amazed.
This figure was Ling Qingzhu.
Her lovely figure moved the moment she felt Ying Huanhuan’s eyes and she hurried over.
“Who is she?” The Spatial Master and the rest were a taken aback as they looked at Ling Qingzhu. The latter did not appear exceptionally strong, but for some unknown reason, they could sense an extremely familiar fluctuation from her.
“Little junior sister’s love rival.” The Darkness Master appeared to know a little. She turned her head and softly said.
The expression of the Spatial Master and the rest became strange after they heard these words.
“She has sensed the Zenith, the extent that she had sensed it has even likely surpassed all of you. If I work with her, it should be possible to find those fellows from Devil Prison.” Ying Huanhuan said in a faint voice.
“What?” The expressions of the Flame Master and the rest changed the moment these words sounded. Their eyes contained some shock as they looked at the aloof Ling Qingzhu. There was actually someone else other than them in this world who was able to detect the Zenith?
“Let’s cooperate.”
Ying Huanhuan approached Ling Qingzhu. Her icy-blue eyes looked towards the latter. However, that icy voice caused Ling Qingzhu to be a little startled. “You have changed a lot.”
The intuition of a woman was always frighteningly sharp.
Ying Huanhuan’s lovely figure froze slightly.
“Does he know?” Ling Qingzhu asked again.
Ying Huanhuan shook her head.
Ling Qingzhu was silent.
“Let’s do it. We need to find the Heaven Seat King before he fully recovers. Only then can we end this calamity.” Ying Huanhuan sighed softly and said.
Ling Qingzhu lightly nodded, and both women sat down in the air. Their eyes were shut and the energy fluctuations around them were withdrawn. Even the wind around them had come to a complete standstill.
The duo sat in silence for around an hour. After which, they Flame Master and the others saw the sky gradually darken. Slivers of Primal Chaos Light arrived from a mysterious place. Finally, it rapidly converged in the air above the two ladies.
A strange pressure spread, causing the eyes of the Flame Master’s group to narrow. This pressure originated from the mysterious Zenith.
The Primal Chaos Light converged. In the end, it gradually turned into a Primal Chaos Eye. This eye was around ten feet in size. The colors of Primal Chaos within it reflected the scenes within the world. It was exceedingly mysterious.
The Eye of Primal Chaos slowly blinked after it appeared. It began to twist here and there as if probing this world.
Many scenes flew across the eyeball. However, it did not stop. Meanwhile, the Flame Master and the others waited quietly.
This silence continued for around half a day. Just when the Flame Master and the others were feeling disappointed that the probing was going to fail, a powerful light shot out from the Primal Chaos Eye. The light gathered in the air and turned into a screen.
The screen showed a land of darkness where a black river flowed. At this very moment, a black coffin silently floated in the middle of the river.
The screen shifted until it was above the coffin. It broke past the Demonic Qi, and a figure appeared on the screen.
The figure was wearing a black robe. There were gold lined the edges of the black robe. His appearance was extremely handsome. Both of his eyes were currently shut. Despite this, there was still an indescribable evil aura flowing on his face.
Ying Huanhuan’s icy-blue eyes turned cold in an instant, as her small glove wrapped hands slowly clenched.
“Heaven Seat King, we have finally found you.”





 Chapter 1283: Heaven Seat King
Light was flowing across the screen and it completely displayed the human figure within the black coffin. Although both his eyes were shut, it was still possible to detect his aggressive and formidable nature. 
“Heaven Seat King!”
The eyes of the Flame Master’s group also sunk at this moment, before rich murderous intent flashed across their faces. They had finally found him!
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes were staring at that black clothed man reflected in the screen. A moment later, her pupils hardened. This was because at this moment, the latter’s tightly shut eyes trembled gently, before he slowly opened both his eyes. 
Bang!
The moment he opened his eyes, an evilness, which could cause one to fall into deprivation, surged. If someone with a weak mind saw this, it was likely that he would end up losing his mind.
Ying Huanhuan and the rest were staring coldly at the awakened Heaven Seat King. Meanwhile, the latter was also staring back at them with an icy cold expression. It was as though the latter had detected that someone was spying on him from afar. 
“Haha, is this the Ice Master?”
Seated within a coffin, the Heaven Seat King slowly got up. Then, he looked at the screen before he gave a faint smile. With a lazy expression on his face, he said, “You guys are quite skilled. It turns out that you guys are actually able to spy on me in this fashion.”
No one replied. This was because he could not hear their replies even if they did. Though they were able to use the Heaven Eye to spy on the Heaven Seat King, it did not allow both parties to communicate. At this moment, the Heaven Seat King was merely speaking to the void. However, he knew that his words were definitely heard by Ying Huanhuan’s group.
“Since you guys know where I am, I shall wait for all of you to come. Once you guys arrive, I believe that we can settle our grudge once in for all.” The Heaven Seat King laughed before he said.
“However…”
An evil and cruel smile appeared on the corner of the Heaven Seat King’s lips. He turned to face the screen and slowly clenched his hand, before a strange glint flashed across his eyes, “This time around, you guys will definitely lose.”
The screen trembled gently before the image began to turn blurry. Following which, the Heaven Seat King’s picture also became increasingly blurry. Finally, the screen shook before it disappeared completely. Immediately, the Eye of Primal Chaos, which was hovering in the sky, also vanished.
Ying Huanhuan stood up. Her pretty eyes were filled with iciness as she said, “It seems like the Heaven Seat King should have made a complete recovery.”
“What should we do?” The Flame Master asked in a deep voice. If the Heaven Seat King made a complete recovery, the fighting strength of the Devil Prison would also soar to its peak. This was clearly bad news for them. 
“They should be in the Western Xuan Region. That is where their headquarters is located.” Ying Huanhuan said.
“Inform the three great alliances. Ask them to end the stalemate with the Yimo as soon as possible. After which, send all their forces to the Western Xuan Region. This time around, we must completely exterminate everyone of them!”
There was an extremely sharp glow flowing within Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes. These Yimo were far too difficult to deal with. Therefore, if they only forced these creatures to go into hiding like they did before, they would not have completely resolved this problem. Thankfully, this time around, they were in an advantageous position. This was because they had the homeground advantage. Moreover, all the Yimo here were trapped in this plane. Therefore, without any reinforcements, these Yimo would eventually fail!
“Aye.”
With a grave expression on their faces, the Flame Master’s group nodded their heads. It seems like a great world war was indeed about to erupt once again. However, this time around, there was no way they would let these guys off! 
“Let’s prepare the offerings. Once the three great alliance armies are here, we will summon big senior sister.” Ying Huanhuan pondered for a moment before she said.
“Are we going to forcefully summon the Life Death Master?” The Flame Master’s group looked at Ying Huanhuan before they asked.
“I am able to detect a faint ripple from big senior sister. She should be close to making a complete recovery. Therefore, it shouldn’t be a problem even if we summon her.” Ying Huanhuan said.
The Flame Master’s group nodded slowly. Then, they hesitated for a moment before they said, “However, I’m afraid that you will have to use your full strength if you wish to fight with the Heaven Seat King.”
Ying Huanhuan finally descended into silence. Meanwhile, she tightly clenched her small hand, which was hidden under a long snow white glove. After which, she lifted her head before she looked at the distant Chaotic Demon Sea. A long while later, she finally said, “I know. Don’t worry. Leave the Heaven Seat King to me. This time around, he will not have a chance to escape.”
Coincidentally, he was not around now. Therefore, she could make use of this opportunity to deal with these matters on her own. Otherwise, could she bear to make such a decision if he was here?
The Flame Master’s group exchanged glances with each other. Finally, they sighed and nodded. Once Ying Huanhuan’s powers were completely awakened, she might return to how she was in the past.
“Let’s make the necessary preparations.” Ying Huanhuan looked a little lethargic as she waved her hand and said. Since the Flame Master and the rest knew how she felt as this moment, they chose not to speak up anymore. Instead, their bodies moved before they went to deliver the message to the three great alliances.
After they left, Ying Huanhuan involuntarily bit her red lips. Her eyes, which were looking towards the Chaotic Demon Sea, refused to budge.
“Why don’t you wait for him to come out from his seclusion? There is still some time left.” Ling Qingzhu used her bright clear eyes to look at Ying Huanhuan before she asked.
“I’m afraid that at that time, I can’t bear to make such a decision.”
Ying Huanhuan smiled and said, “There is no way I can remain as cold as ice in front of him. Moreover, someone has to shoulder this burden. Though he is extremely outstanding, he is still lacking.”
“This is too heavy of a burden. If he was the one carrying it, my heart would definitely ache. Therefore, I would rather do it myself.”
Ling Qingzhu stared at Ying Huanhuan and said, “However, I’m afraid that there is no way he would accept this. By acting in this manner, isn’t it the same as running away?”
“However, in this world, it’s not like you always have a choice.” Ying Huanhuan said calmly. “Moreover, only a fool like him would persevere on stubbornly. He always believes that one day, he would be able to shoulder this burden.”
The smile on the corner of Ying Huanhuan’s lips became bitter and helpless, “However… how is this possible?”
Ling Qingzhu stopped speaking. However, Ying Huanhuan walked towards her before she smiled and said, “If anything unexpected happens in the future, please take good care of him.”
Ling Qingzhu stared at the girl in front of her, who had a beautiful face with a slight hint of iciness, before she softly replied, “Based on what you said, I believe that you will undergo a transformation after your power awakens. However… trust me, even at that time, when you see him, something in you will change.” 
“There are feelings that cannot be frozen through pure strength.”
Ying Huanhuan was startled. Then, she muttered to herself, “I also hope… that it will turn out like this.”
However, at that time, even I will detest how I have become. Therefore, will… will you still like me?
　　……
Above the darkness river, the man in the coffin slowly stood up. Then, he shook his head gently before he dispelled the giddy sensation in his mind. After which, he lifted his head and looked at the void around him, which was spying on him previously, before he gave a faint smile, “Ice Master huh? It seems like enemies tend to meet frequently. Unexpectedly, you have successfully reincarnated.”
“Bang.”
A loud explosion suddenly occurred within the darkness river. After which, a hundred thousand feet large black figure walked over. When he swung his eight huge devil arms, even the space itself became greatly distorted.
“Heaven Seat King, have you finally made a complete recovery?” The buzzing voice of the Cosmic Evil Devil King reverberated across the darkness river, causing huge waves to be formed.
Following which, many black water pillars rose from around the river. After which, eight figures surfaced on these water pillars. Upon closer inspection, they were the Third Seat King and the upper echelon of the Devil Prison.
“It seems like they have discovered where we are.” A skinny young man standing on the rightmost water pillar said. He looked like a young and handsome man, and he even looked a little meek. However, there was a frightening and sinister emotion flowing within his black eyes.
“That’s right. We have underestimated the Ice Master. Initially, we thought that we had a little more time.” The Heaven Seat King laughed faintly.
“What should we do now? Should we start a war now?” The Third Seat King asked.
“Relax, they will definitely deal with the Yimo outside first. Send my orders and instruct them to launch an all-out attack. As long as the troops from the three great alliance armies have not gathered, it is likely that the Ice Master’s group will not dare to come by themselves.” The Heaven Seat King said casually.
“The three great alliances are well equipped. With our forces alone, I am afraid that we cannot stop them.” The Third Seat King frowned and said.
“Let them all die.” The Heaven Seat King smiled and said. He revealed his set of dense white teeth before he said, “It’s their honor to do so.”
Although he was smiling, there was no emotion within his eyes. In fact, it seemed as though abandoning those Yimo warriors had hardly affected his emotions.
“This time around, we will not allow anyone to stop us. This plane will ultimately come under the control of our Yimo tribe.”
The Heaven Seat King parted his lips and laughed. His laughter contained endless madness as he said, “I will help the Emperor to finish what he failed to do back then!”
“Ice Master… just you wait. This time around, we will not fail. I really look forward to seeing all your despairing faces. Haha.”
A somewhat low and deep laughter spread far into the darkness. The river was flowing. Meanwhile, within the darkness, numerous evil eyes opened up.
　　……
While the outside world erupted into an uproar because of the Yimo, the training ground, which was isolated from the flow of time, continued to remain silent. Meanwhile, this silence was also filled with extreme loneliness. 
The figure seated at the top of the altar had been doing so for a decade. During these ten years, his clothes had gradually became tattered due to the erosion from time. In fact, only his looks remained unchanged. However, the determination on his face seemed to have become increasingly distinct. 
There was not the least amount of Yuan Power or Mental Energy being emitted from within his body. In fact, he looked exactly like an ordinary person. He looked so weak that no one would notice him.
In fact, only those with extremely sharp senses could vaguely detect the sharpness and might brewing beneath his ordinary appearance.
This silence continued for a long period of time. This figure, who had been sitting quietly for ten years, suddenly trembled. Immediately, the clothes on his body turned into dust, before they scattered downwards.
After his clothes turned into dust, his eyes, which had been shut tightly for ten years, finally began to open at this moment.
His eyes were as dark as the night sky and they gave off no fluctuations. However, despite his peaceful and gentle exterior, the entire void began to tremble after they were being stared at by his eyes. 
His eyes, were just like those belonging to a god, and they frightened even the world itself.





 Chapter 1284: Ten Years in A Flash
Seated at the top of an altar, Lin Dong opened his eyes. Meanwhile, his dark black eyes seemed to encompass the entire world. They looked so mysterious that one would be involuntarily intoxicated within them.
After Lin Dong awoke from his long training session, he was lost for a moment. Soon after, his eyes began to regain their usual clarity. Then, he lowered his head and looked at his long hands, before a faint smile appeared on the corner of his lips.
“Is this… the Divine Palace Master level?”
Lin Dong muttered to himself. At this moment, he sensed that he had advanced to a relatively frightening level. This was a level that he had never came into contact with in the past.
In fact, he felt that right now, if he met the Seventh Seat King from the Devil Prison again, he could easily injure the latter with the flip of his palm. Moreover, there was nothing to fear even if he met a Seat King, who was equivalent to an expert who had passed three Reincarnation Tribulations.
This was the strength afforded by his Divine Palace.
Lin Dong shut his eyes before a thought passed through his mind. After which, he saw that between his brows, there was a Divine Palace, which was now giving off hundred thousand feet large divine light rays. Meanwhile, there was an endless amount of Mental Energy whistling and dancing within his Divine Palace. In fact, his Mental Energy now gave off a faint Primal Chaos Light. This was the change that occured after they merged with that mysterious Zenith. In fact, it was this small change that caused his Mental Energy to metamorphosize. 
Opening his eyes, Lin Dong slowly stood up. After which, light glimmered on his body before they transformed into a set of black clothes. Following which, he clenched his hand. Although in the last ten years, he had spent most of his time trying to form a Divine Palace, the Yuan Power within his body had also improved significantly. However, after reaching his level, he no longer had to think about making a breakthrough. Instead, all he cared about was how to survive the frightening Reincarnation Tribulation.
“Ten years. One year should have passed in the outside world. I wonder what is going on outside.”
Lin Dong muttered to himself, before he left his cultivation state. After which, he began to worry secretly in his heart. After all, even before he entered his seclusion, the outside world was in quite a bad state. Therefore, he wondered what the situation was like now. 
“I should leave first.”
With this thought in mind, Lin Dong ceased hesitating. He turned around and bowed towards the old and damaged futon on the altar. This was because a big reason why he could successfully form his Divine Palace was because he had received a divine hint. Otherwise, he would have never imagined that forming a Divine Palace actually required that mysterious Zenith’s strength. Thankfully, he had learnt the Zenith Sensing Art from Ling Qingzhu. Otherwise, he might have never been able to make this step in his lifetime.
Of course, advancing to the Divine Palace Master level not only required help from that mysterious force. Over the years, whereby he was trying to form a Divine Palace, despite Lin Dong’s cautious nature, he still made mistakes on a couple of occasions and they nearly caused his Divine Palace to collapse. Thankfully, he was able to salvage the situation. Otherwise, it was likely that he would still end up in failure.
Buzz buzz.
While Lin Dong bowed towards that futon, that futon actually emitted a faint buzzing sound. Following which, a mysterious light slowly rose from it.
Sizzle.
Light gathered on that futon. Faintly, they seemed to form a small mysterious formation. When Lin Dong saw that light formation, he was promptly startled. This was because that light formation was exactly the same as the Ancient Universe Formation in his body! 
The Ancient Universe Formation in Lin Dong’s body also shook the moment this light formation appeared. After which, it lost control and rushed out from within Lin Dong’s body, before it directly merged with that light formation.
The two of them merged. Soon after, the formation became even more obscure and mysterious. Meanwhile, the ancient fluctuation that it gave off became even more intense.
“Is this the formation spirit of the Ancient Universe Formation?” Lin Dong looked at the merged Ancient Universe Formation, before a look of comprehension flashed across his face. Ever since he obtained the Ancient Universe Formation, he always felt that something was missing. From the members of the Devil Prison, he learnt that the Ancient Universe Formation was created by the Symbol Ancestor. In fact, numerous Yimo were killed by it during the ancient times. However, he did not know that the Ancient Universe Formation in his hand, was actually imperfect.
The scene in front of him clearly showed Lin Dong that the thing missing from his Ancient Universe Formation, was actually hidden within this old and damaged futon all along!
The light formation began to shrink. After which, all the light returned to the futon. Subsequently, the old and damaged futon began to melt. Finally, flames rose before an exceptional cluster of light slowly rose from it.
This unusual cluster of light was a palm-sized black and white stone plate. Meanwhile, that stone plate gave off an ancient and desolate sensation and there were countless mysterious lines carved on it.
Lin Dong extended his hand, before that black and white stone plate landed in his palm. When it first entered his palm, it felt icy cold. Then, Lin Dong observed it curiously. Following which, a thought passed through his mind before that black and white stone plate turned into an unusual light and tunneled into his body.
Right now, the Ancient Universe Formation, which was created by the Symbol Ancestor, was finally complete!
After completing his Ancient Universe Formation, joy involuntarily flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes. After all, he never expected to have a chance encounter in a place like this. 
“Thank you Symbol Ancestor.”
Lin Dong cupped his hands together towards the void and voiced his thanks. Although the Symbol Ancestor was no longer here, it did not stop him from expressing his gratitude.
After voicing his thanks, Lin Dong did not continue to linger in this place. A thought passed through his mind before a glowing halo slowly formed in the void in front of the altar. After which, without hesitation, he stepped into the glowing halo before he disappeared gradually.
This empty space, which could distort time, finally became silent once again after Lin Dong disappeared. In fact, there was only a weak light flashing on that old and damaged futon, which was seated at the top of the altar. It looked as though it was sending Lin Dong off.
　　……
Flame Divine Hall.
Currently, this place was the headquarters of the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance and there were countless figures shuttling in the sky. This place appeared extremely lively and it was several times more lively compared to one year ago. 
Of course, the most eye-catching place in this region was undoubtedly the “Ancestral Citadel” standing in the sky. In fact, there were countless figures standing right at its entrance. Meanwhile, frightening auras spread from within their bodies. It turns out that they were all ultimate experts who had stepped into the Samsara stage.
Down below, there were countless people staring enviously at these experts, who were finally able to enter the Ancestral Citadel after surviving a harsh selection process. After all, over the past year, many Samsara stage experts were able to make a breakthrough after they entered that citadel, and advance to the highly respected Reincarnation stage. This was also why their alliance was growing increasingly powerful and they were now able to push the Yimo back. 
At this moment, at the deepest part of the Ancestral Citadel, the ancient stone statue within the stone square suddenly emitted a bright light. After which, a black clothed skinny figure slowly walked out from within.
Lin Dong exited the stone statue before he surveyed the familiar scene in front of him. After ten years of bitter training, a familiar glow finally surged within his lonely looking black eyes.
Lin Dong inhaled a deep breath. Promptly, he gave a gentle smile before he walked out. Along the way, he would occasionally spot some experts who were training bitterly. These individuals were all powerful practitioners. However, when they saw Lin Dong, they were all stunned. In fact, all of them only recovered their senses after Lin Dong walked past them.
“Is that… elder Lin Dong?!”
Within the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance, Lin Dong held the position of elder and he had the same rank as Ying Huanhuan and the rest. This was naturally a highly respected position and it’s no wonder the members of the alliance were all stunned when they saw him. 
“It turns out elder Lin Dong was also training within the Ancestral Citadel…” Countless private conversations sounded. After which, all of them were in shock. When Lin Dong brushed past them previously, none of them could detect any Yuan Power or Mental Energy fluctuation from the latter. This was clearly not because Lin Dong had lost all his strength. In that case, it could only mean that Lin Dong had currently reached a level far beyond their imagination.
Lin Dong ignored the commotion behind as he headed directly towards the front door of the Ancestral Citadel. He was just about to leave when he was stopped by a person, “Brother, have you completed your training? In that case, please come and register. Which alliance do you belong to?”
Lin Dong was bewildered as he stared at that middle-aged man, who was interrogating him with a jade plate in his hand. After which, he scratched his head. He was just about to speak when someone from the side suddenly pulled that man aside. Meanwhile, that other person, who originally had a stern expression on his face, suddenly smiled before he said, “Elder Lin Dong, he is a newcomer and does not recognise your honorable self. If he has offended you in any way, please forgive him.”
“Elder Lin Dong?” When he heard this name, the expression on the face of that man, who was interrogating Lin Dong previously, changed immediately. After which, he stared at Lin Dong with wild joy on his face. 
“What is going on?” Lin Dong felt neither able to laugh nor cry, as he asked.
“Haha, ever since the Ancient Masters opened the Ancestral Citadel a year ago, they allowed many Samsara stage experts to enter and train. At the same time, it also produced a large number of experts for our three great alliances.” The burly looking man replied respectfully.
“Three great alliances?” Lin Dong was startled.
When the burly man saw Lin Dong’s reaction, he was not surprised. After all, these events all took place after Lin Dong went into a seclusion. Therefore, he quickly explained the events that occured in the last year.
“Even the Demon Region and the Four Xuan Regions have been affected…”
When he heard this, Lin Dong was bewildered. Unexpectedly, the situation had actually developed like this. It seems like the Devil Prison was truly intending on starting the second world war.
“The Ancient Masters sent a message some time ago, and ordered the three great alliances to eliminate the Devil Prison army as soon as possible. After which, we are to gather all our forces together and attack the Western Xuan Region in order to completely eliminate the Devil Prison.”
“Currently, our Chaotic Demon Sea alliance is engaging in a decisive battle with the Devil Prison army under the leadership of alliance chief Xinlian. However, the fight seems to be at a stalemate.” The burly man said.
Lin Dong nodded. However, he did not ask where the battle was taking place. Instead, with just a single thought, he had already detected the brutal and overwhelming auras in the distance.
“I will head over there.” Lin Dong said.
“Once elder Lin Dong makes a move, the Devil Prison army will collapse instantly!” The burly man rejoiced upon hearing this.
Lin Dong smiled, before he waved his hand. Following which, under the shocked eyes of the two burly looking men, his body slowly became illusory before he vanished a moment later. 
When the two burly men saw Lin Dong’s unbelievable methods, rich shock and joy surged within their eyes.





 Chapter 1285: Qingzhi Fights A Devil
Chaotic Demon Sea, Northern Sea Region.
Over the last year, this vast sea region was basically the front line of the war between the Devil Prison and the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance. Both parties had fought dozens of battles in this region and every battle was an earth shaking one. In fact, the entire ocean was dyed blood red, while the sky was filled with demonic aura.
Currently, this sea region was still the bloodiest place across the entire Chaotic Demon Sea.
This was because both parties were engaged in a decisive battle in this region.
In order for the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance to free up its forces and assist the two other great alliances, they had to end the war in the Chaotic Demon Sea as soon as possible. Meanwhile, the Devil Prison had issued the harshest order to the Yimo in this region, and they were to stop the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance at any cost.
Hence, the most intense and fearsome battle over the last year erupted once again.
Bang bang!
Demonic aura surged in all directions while countless formidable Yuan Power blew apart. At a cursory glance, one could see numerous glowing figures charging towards the Devil Prison army together with a fearsome and monstrous killing intent.
Two massive torrents collided against each other, before battle cries echoed across the sky. On the ocean, huge waves that were hundreds of thousands of feet in size, rose and fell. However, the loud rumbling noises could not cover the bloodthirsty battle cries.
Tang Xinlian was standing in the sky behind the endless sea of alliance army troops. Currently, she was wearing a tight red soft armour, which showcased her well-proportioned body and highlighted her alluring curves. As of now, her beautiful face was focused intently on this battlefield. Her clear and cold cries were wrapped with Yuan Power, before they were continuously sent into the distance, commanding the entire alliance army in the process. 
“Alliance chief, it seems like the Yimo have gone crazy and they are far too persistent.” Standing beside Tang Xinlian, an old man said with a grave expression on his face. 
A cold glint flashed across Tang Xinlian’s eyes before she said, “Send an absolute order. This time around, we must finish off the Devil Prison army in the Chaotic Demon Sea. The headquarters of the Devil Prison has already been revealed. Therefore, the reason why the Yimo armies are fighting to their death is likely because they had received an order from their headquarters. Moreover, it is clear that the Devil Prison is planning to sacrifice these troops in order to stall our alliance army.”
“Since they are willing to pay such a hefty price, the Devil Prison must be using this opportunity to make certain preparations. Therefore, we must act with haste!”
When he heard her words, that old man felt his heart shudder before he quickly acknowledged. He was also a top expert within the Chaotic Demon Sea and in fact, in terms of seniority, he was ranked even higher than Mo Luo. However, over the last year, ever since Tang Xinlian took control of the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance, the situation had slowly turned for the better. Therefore, her abilities were now widely acknowledged and no one in the entire Chaotic Demon Sea disobeyed her orders.
Many orders swiftly spread throughout the alliance army. Following which, a scarlet red expression appeared in the eyes of countless experts. After all, far too many people from their side were killed by the Devil Prison over the last year, and this grudge could never be buried. Since it could never be buried, they would completely exterminate the Yimo instead!
“Charge!”
An earth shaking roar resounded, before countless experts charged forward like a torrent. Their majestic Yuan Power completely shattered all the Yimo at the front.
The entire place turned scarlet.
With a cold expression on her pretty face, Tang Xinlian stared at the battlefield. Soon after, she turned her attention towards the sky. That was the place where the elites from both sides were fighting at. Although there was only a small number of people involved, the outcome of that fight would have an extremely huge impact on the overall battle. 
The battleground in the sky consisted only of experts who had stepped into the Reincarnation stage. Meanwhile, their opponents were all creatures that were ranked at or above the Yimo kings. In fact, there were many true kings as well. Fortunately, these troublesome fellows were all stopped by the top experts from the alliance.
“I wonder if elder Qingzhi is able to hold on.”
Tang Xinlian clenched her jade like hands before she looked at the highest part of this battlefield. Currently, frightening ripples were being emitted from that spot. Meanwhile, a green clothed figure was present within the clouds. Standing opposite him, was a ten thousand feet large giant Yimo. This Yimo looked extremely fearsome and there were a dozen over large eyes on its body. Meanwhile, fearsome and brutal fluctuations radiated from within its body.
This gruesome Yimo was formed from the merger of ten true kings from the Devil Prison. After the merger, the newly created Yimo was extremely frightening. In fact, it was comparable to a peak expert who had passed two Reincarnation Tribulations. As such, it was likely that within the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance, only Qingzhi could stop a creature like that. 
Clearly, the Yimo army was using everything they had in order to stop the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance army from destroying them.
“Roar!”
Currently, Qingzhi had an extremely solemn expression on his face. Following which, green light swept out from within his body in all directions, before his body actually began to swell wildly.
In a short period of time, his clothes were all in tatters. Meanwhile, Qingzhi has transformed into a ten thousand feet large dragon-like human. Green scales covered his entire body, while a cold light glimmered on them. Moreover, the green veins on his dragon arms were wiggling like tiny dragons, while tens of thousands of green dragon light tattoos circled around his body as they bellowed.    
The Green Heaven Materialized Dragon Skill was created by Qingzhi. Therefore, when he executed this martial arts, its strength would blow anyone’s mind.
“Roar!”
Qingzhi was hovering in the sky. The space itself was shattered as he transformed into a green ray of light and shot towards the ferocious giant devil. His dragon fist whistled before tens of thousands of dragon light tattoos surged. After which, they landed on that huge devil’s body with lightning like speed.
Bang bang bang!
Up against Qingzhi’s fearsome attacks, that huge devil roared towards the sky, before it swung its sharp devil claws ruthlessly. In fact, it showed no signs of retreating as it chose to clash head-on with Qingzhi instead. 
Two massive creatures were brawling in the sky. They did not use any special techniques. Instead, they relied on their frightening strength, which could even cause the space itself to explode. The low and deep sound of fist meeting fist, even drowned the battle cries from all over the place.
“Chi!”
Qingzhi’s sharp dragon claw ruthlessly swiped the enormous devil’s body. Promptly, a piece of its flesh, that was dripping with black blood, was forcefully ripped off. The moment its flesh was ripped off, that huge devil released a loud roar before it landed a punch on Qingzhi’s body. The force behind that punch shattered the green dragon scales on Qingzhi’s body and sent the latter flying by over ten thousand feet.
“Puff.”
Traces of blood climbed into Qingzhi’s dragon eyes. His back shook, before a pair of huge green dragon wings, which was tens of thousands of feet in size, was extended. Then, he flapped his dragon wings before he collided with that huge devil once again.
Tang Xinlian was observing the frightening fight in the sky. Suddenly, her pretty eyes hardened before she cried out in a cold voice, “Third unit, attack.”
Right after she spoke, monstrous killing intent suddenly erupted from a distance far behind the Yimo army. After which, numerous practitioners charged towards them in all directions like sharp blades, and they actually split the Yimo army into two.
This sudden reinforcement also boosted the morale of the alliance army. After which, they gradually gained the upper hand.
“Ao!”
At this moment, the Yimo army also realized that something was amiss. All of a sudden, an earth shaking roar sounded. Meanwhile, that roar was filled with endless violence and madness. 
Swoosh swoosh swoosh!
That roar reverberated across the place. After which, the bodies of the elite Yimo in the sky suddenly blew apart. Following which, they transformed into black rays of light before they shot into the huge devil body high in the sky, which was currently engaging in a fearsome brawl with Qingzhi.
Roar!
After that huge devil suddenly received a frightening influx of energy, its massive hundred thousand feet large body actually began to swell once again. In fact, large bloody scars appeared on the surface of its body. Clearly, it was beginning to buckle under the strain. 
Bang!
The humongous devil released a stern roar before it threw a punch forward. That punch penetrated through the air before it ruthlessly landed on Qingzhi’s body, sending the latter flying. Meanwhile, the dragon scales on Qingzhi’s body were blasted apart while fresh blood flowed continuously.
Evidently, the Yimo army had gone crazy. This humongous devil, which was formed from the merger of numerous Yimo, was likely equivalent to a peak expert who had passed three Reincarnation Tribulations. However, this was also its limit. If they continued to add more Yimo, it was likely that this humongous devil would self-destruct because it was unable to handle the strain. 
Moreover, even if these Yimo managed to win the fight, there was no way they could survive. In essence, they were sacrificing their lives to stall the alliance army.
“Roar!”
When Qingzhi saw this, murderous desire erupted within his eyes. Following which, he emitted a roar from his dragon mouth, before green light swept across the place and he once again charged forward. Immediately, tens of thousands of dragon light tattoos transformed into a hundred thousand feet large green dragon, before it roared and charged wildly towards the large devil.
After all, there was no way Qingzhi could retreat at this juncture! If he did so, it would allow this humongous devil to charge into the alliance army, which would definitely lead to massive casualties.
“Ao!”
The huge devil also roared wildly. Then, he stared at Qingzhi, who was charging over. Immediately, an endless amount of black blood began to gather at its huge mouth and palm. Finally, with a loud “bang”, the black blood directly transformed into a black ray of light, before it smashed onto Qingzhi’s body with lightning like speed.
Bang!
Qingzhi’s dragon scales were instantly shattered. After which, his huge body flew backwards in front of countless pairs of shocked eyes from the alliance army. In fact, a large bloody hole had appeared on his shoulder.
“Die!”
A roar, which was filled with murderous desire and brutality, was emitted from the huge devil’s mouth. Following which, his exceptionally sharp devil palm whizzed forward before it ruthlessly smashed towards Qingzhi. From the looks of it, that devil clearly wanted to kill Qingzhi.
“Help him!”
Anxious furious roars were emitted from those top experts from the alliance. Following which, monstrous Yuan Power pillars shot forward in an attempt to block that huge devil. However, the latter completely ignored them. Instead, that huge devil allowed those attacks to land on its body, causing it to tremble violently.
Swoosh!
That devil palm slammed down mercilessly before it ruthlessly struck Qingzhi. However, just as the crowd had resigned themselves to stare helpless and wait for Qingzhi to suffer a heavy blow, a low and deep noise suddenly sounded in the sky. Immediately, that descending devil palm froze. 
“What’s that?!”
Countless individuals were startled. Then, they quickly looked above Qingzhi before they saw a figure standing in the air. That man extended his right hand before he gently blocked that huge devil palm.
There was a startling contrast in their size. However, owing to that man’s skinny palm, that humongous devil was unable to budge! 
Tang Xinlian looked at that familiar looking skinny figure. First, she was startled. However, soon after, wild joy spread on her pretty face!
“Lin Dong?!”





 Chapter 1286: Calming the Chaotic Demon Sea
In the sky, there was a skinny figure hovering in midair below that huge devil palm. His skinny looking body contained a frightening amount of power, as he easily intercepted that devil palm.
“Is that… elder Lin Dong?”
Some members of the Chaotic Demon Sea alliance exclaimed in shock. Ever since the alliance was established one year ago, Lin Dong had went missing and it was rumoured that he went into a cultivation seclusion. Unexpectedly, he had actually showed up at a critical moment like this!
“He arrived just in time.”
Currently, Tang Xinlian’s pretty face was plastered with joy. Right now, the entire place was a battlefield. However, on the whole, there were no top experts from either party in the three battlefields. This was because the strongest individuals from the Devil Prison were all in the Western Xuan Region under the watchful eyes of the Ancient Masters. In the same vein, the Ancient Masters were unable to lend a hand to this fight. Therefore, after Lin Dong showed up, it would undoubtedly help their side immensely. 
“Elder Qingzhi, are you alright?” After he stopped that devil palm, Lin Dong tilted his head to look at Qingzhi, who was standing behind him, before he asked. 
Green light was glimmering on Qingzhi’s body. After which, he slowly turned back into human form before he wiped off the trace of blood on the corner of his lips. Following which, he gave a bitter smile towards Lin Dong before he said, “Have you left your seclusion?”
Lin Dong nodded. With a smile, he said, “Leave this big fella to me.”
Qingzhi did not object to this. Currently, though Lin Dong’s body did not give off any fluctuations, Qingzhi vaguely caught a whiff of an extremely dangerous aura. Clearly, after spending one year in a cultivation seclusion, Lin Dong’s strength had soared to a level beyond his comprehension.
This transformation caused him to sigh while feeling pleased at the same time. He recalled that the first time he met Lin Dong, the latter was merely a young man who had stood out in the small Hundred Empire War. At that time, he realized that Lin Dong was quite talented and decided to teach him the Green Heaven Materialized Dragon Skill. However, who could have imagined that after many years, that young man from before had actually surpassed him.
“Be careful. This huge devil was created after the merger of over a dozen true kings. Although it cannot survive for long, it is extremely violent.” Qingzhi warned Lin Dong. Subsequently, he descended before he protected the many experts from the alliance.
“A merged Yimo huh?”
Lin Dong was not surprised by this fact. After all, this was similar to the way the three great heads of Yuan Gate fought. However, these Yimo were even more brutal and fearsome. Nevertheless, this should also be the limits of their merger. In fact, they would likely self-destruct if they forcefully added more individuals. 
“Roar!”
That humongous devil withdrew its devil palm. Then, it used its brutal eyes to stare at Lin Dong before it released a furious roar. Immediately, black blood began to spurt out from within its massive body like a fountain. Following which, those blood wiggled before an extremely evil fluctuation was emitted.
“Devil Blood World!”
A furious buzzing roar was emitted from the huge devil’s fearsome large mouth. Soon after, the black blood actually began to spread abruptly. Then, just like a ball of light, it enveloped Lin Dong. After which, that blood ball quickly shrunk, before a frightening fluctuation swiftly gathered.
Swoosh.
In the blink of an eye, the blood ball was merely a couple of dozen feet in size. Meanwhile, Lin Dong’s body was enveloped within. After which, that humongous devil suddenly clenched its fist as it tried to burst that blood ball in an attempt to kill Lin Dong.
Chi!
However, right before it could clench its devil palm, a long hand directly penetrated that blood ball with a loud ‘splash’. After which, Lin Dong ripped that blood ball, which was formed by gathering a terrifying amount of energy, into two pieces as though it was a thin piece of paper.
Lin Dong smiled. With a flip of his palm, he sucked that shattered blood ball into his palm. As it slowly rotated, it turned into a fist sized black bead.
“Go.”
Lin Dong flicked his finger before a trace of Primal Chaos Light flashed across the surface of that black bead. Subsequently, that black bead transformed into a black ray of light before it streaked across the sky and struck the chest of that humongous devil.
Sizzle sizzle.
Though that black bead did not seem to possess much strength, the devil body, which could withstand an all-out attack from Qingzhi, was directly penetrated by that tiny devil bead, before it burrowed deep within its body.
“Fool, are you trying to use our demonic aura to kill us?!”
After that devil bead shot into that humongous devil body, the latter released a piercing loud laugh. This was because after the devil bead entered its body, it did not cause the slightest damage to it. Instead, it even allowed the demonic aura within its body to soar. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Dong gave a gentle smile before he gently clenched his hand and asked, “Is that so?”
Bang!
After Lin Dong clenched his hand, the wild and maniacal laughter from the huge devil suddenly ceased. Promptly, its huge body trembled violently before several Primal Chaos Light rays shot out from within its body.
Ahh!
Thanks to the Primal Chaos Light, the endless demonic aura within the huge devil body were disappearing at an extremely frightening rate. Subsequently, the body of that huge devil split apart before dozens of devil figures fell out. After which, they vomitted black blood violently.
Lin Dong had forcefully pulled out these true kings, which had been merged together within the huge devil.
After they were forced out, these true kings all had ashen expressions. Meanwhile, their eyes were filled with intense fear as they stared at Lin Dong. However, even before they could make a move, with no emotions on his face, Lin Dong had already made his move.
“Rumble!”
A lightning dragon streaked across the sky. This lightning dragon looked extremely lifelike and there were thunderbolts sparkling on its huge body. Compared to the lightning dragons from before, this dragon looked so real that it felt as though it was alive. Meanwhile, it gave off a relatively frightening aura.
Swoosh.
That lightning dragon charged downwards. Following which, everywhere it passed, the true kings were blasted apart one after another as miserable screeches sounded. Thunderbolt force spread before it removed the demonic aura completely.
When the true kings saw how brutal Lin Dong was, they began to flee immediately. 
When Lin Dong saw this, he swung his sleeve. Following which, several ten thousand feet large black holes appeared behind those true kings. After which, those black holes rotated before they devoured those Yimo just like a huge mouth.
Within a short period of time, a dozen over true kings were completely eliminated by Lin Dong.
This scene left countless individuals on the battlefield taken aback. 
After he got rid of those true kings, Lin Dong stared indifferently at the battlefield below. This was the first time he had ever witnessed such a huge battle. In fact, the battlefield basically encompassed the entire Northern Sea Region. Demonic aura and Yuan Power clashed wherever he looked.
There were millions of Yimo here. Meanwhile, the alliance army had a similar number of troops. Moreover, these were not ordinary troops as every single one of them was fairly skilled. 
A thought passed through Lin Dong’s mind. Immediately, countless thunder clouds gathered in the sky. Following which, deafening rumbling noises echoed across the sky, drowning the battle cries from all over the place.
“You guys should have never came to this world.”
Thunderbolts surged. Lin Dong was standing in the sky as he looked nonchantaly at the numerous Yimo. Following which, an icy cold expression rose within his eyes before he said, “Therefore, all of you shall be purified. Perhaps, your souls can return to where they belong to.”
Rumble!
The entire world trembled at this moment. The thunder clouds swelled before countless thunderbolts, which contained frightening amounts of thunderbolt strength, began to rain down wildly. Wherever the thunderbolts swept past, countless Yimo were vaporized even before they had the opportunity to scream.
After receiving such a frightening attack, the fearsome Yimo army was demoralized. In fact, horror flashed across the eyes of some Yimo. After losing their true king commanders, it was clear that they were no longer as fearsome as before.
“Charge!”
A cold glint flashed across Tang Xinlian’s pretty eyes. Immediately, she took advantage of the weakened Yimo army’s morale as she shouted coldly. Promptly, monstrous killing intent erupted from within the alliance army before it swept forth. Instantly, the Yimo army was battered by them. 
Nonetheless, these Yimo were indeed fearsome creatures. Even up against a situation like this, they continued to put up a firm resistance. At the same time, they continuously inflicted heavy casualties to the alliance. Fresh blood dyed the ocean. 
However, after they lost the main fight, their all-out efforts clearly could not affect the overall battle. In the end, the Yimo army’s resistance grew weaker and weaker. 
“Ao!”
After they realized that defeat was certain, some cries erupted from within the Yimo army. Subsequently, countless Yimo charged towards the ocean. Clearly, they were planning to dive into the ocean to escape.
These Yimo were extremely powerful. Therefore, it would be extremely troublesome if they escaped.
However, when she saw that they were withdrawing, a cold smile flashed over Tang Xinlian’s face. Following which, her cold voice resounded, “Sea Demon Army, do not allow any Yimo to escape!”
Bang!
All of a sudden, countless large waves rose from beneath the ocean. After which, the ocean was seemingly split apart as countless Sea Demon soldiers mounting various sea monsters charged out from the bottom of the ocean. Faintly, there seemed to be an extremely large light formation at the bottom of the ocean, sealing off all exit paths from the ocean.
Standing in the sky, Lin Dong stared at the Yimo army, which had been trapped, before he slowly relaxed his palm. Then, he lifted his thumb towards Tang Xinlian. She was as impressive as ever. Everything was arranged accordingly and she did not give the Yimo army the slightest chance to retreat.
Standing amidst thousands of soldiers, when Tang Xinlian saw Lin Dong’s action, her sleek red sexy lips lifted into a proud arc. After which, she stared directly back at Lin Dong with no signs of evasion. The gentle and bewitching emotion within her eyes caused Lin Dong to involuntarily turn his head. Only then, did she burst out in laughter. 
Lin Dong exhaled softly. After they cleaned up this battle, the war in the Chaotic Demon Sea was officially over. Subsequently, after they stabilized the situation in the Demon Region and the Western Xuan Region, it was likely time to engage in a final decisive battle with the Devil Prison.
“Are they monitoring the upper echelon of the Devil Prison…” Lin Dong looked in the direction of the Four Xuan Regions before he muttered.
At this moment, an icy blue figure was seated on a mountain peak at the border of the distant Eastern and Western Xuan Region. Suddenly, as if she detected something, she opened her pretty eyes before she looked towards the Chaotic Demon Sea. Finally, she slowly clenched her small hands, which were covered with snow white gloves.
He… has he left his seclusion?





 Chapter 1287: Alliance Between the Four Xuan Regions
The alliance army had finally achieved victory in the Chaotic Demon Sea war. Although this was partly due to Lin Dong’s participation, a larger part of the reason was because the Devil Prison army did not obtain any reinforcements. In such a situation, the Yimo naturally did not have much of a  chance against the united Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance.
Despite this, the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance still spent a full five days in order to eliminate these Yimo after the end of the war. Only then were the Yimo completely rooted from the Chaotic Demon Sea.
The war had ended. However, the sea regions which had been occupied by the Devil Prison army were terrible states. Demonic Qi had even seeped into the sea water, causing all life to die. Many sea regions were filled with various floating corpses, while a stench engulfed the entire place.
The eyes of everyone from the alliance army turned red upon seeing this tragedy. These Yimo were far too brutal and cruel. Peace would be impossible until these Yimo were completely eradicated. 
However, they clearly did not have much time to purify the sea regions that had been polluted by Demonic Qi. The moment the war within the Chaotic Demon Sea ended, the alliance army began to split into two under Tang Xinlian’s command. Half would support the Four Xuan Region Alliance, while the other half would support the Demon Region. Only by quickly eliminating the Yimo in the three regions would they be able to engage the Devil Prison in a decisive battle without any worry.
After musing for a moment, Lin Dong led half of the alliance army and headed for the Four Xuan Region. It was after all a little closer to the Western Xuan Region. Although Ying Huanhuan’s group was constantly observing Devil Prison, it was best for him to hurry over as soon as possible to avoid any unexpected situations.
It was likely that with Tang Xinlian leading the other half of the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance Army towards the Demon Region, the Demon Region would be able to swiftly turn things around and resolve the unrest there.
Tang Xinlian greatly supported this arrangement by Lin Dong. Hence, after the situation of the Chaotic Demon Sea was stabilized, the two of them led an army each, and headed towards the east and west respectively.
　　……
Eastern Xuan Region, Sunset Plains.
This was the border between the Eastern Xuan Region and Southern Xuan Region. It was also where the Four Xuan Region Alliance Army was located. Facing them on the plains a hundred miles away was the invading Devil Prison army.
The Four Xuan Region Alliance Army were currently training on the plains, as shouts filled the sky. A couple of figures were standing in front of the army, while a slim figure stood at the head of this group. She wore a black dress and had a beautiful figure. However, her pretty and exquisite face was currently filled with murderous desire. Those pitch-black night sky like pretty eyes slowly swept over the vast and endless plains.
Who else could it be other than Qingtan. At this moment, she was not only the master of Darkness Palace, but also the alliance chief of the Four Xuan Region Alliance. Although she was very young, she had already proven her position as commander through the many bloody battles with Devil Prison over the past year. Hence, the countless pairs of eyes on the plains were filled with respect when they looked at her.
Ling Qingzhu wore a white dress as she stood behind Qingtan. She had a distant demeanor. That extremely pretty and seemingly flawless face of hers seemed to appear even more full of life than the past for some reason. Moreover, there was a mysterious faint scent on her that caused respect and fear to rise in the hearts of anyone who saw her.
“Oh?”
While Ling Qingzhu observed the plains, her expression suddenly changed, and she turned her head to look at the distant sky. An intense spatial fluctuation had suddenly appeared. Soon after, a large number of figures rushed out like a swarm of locusts. Their overwhelming aura caused the land to shake.
Woo!
Warning sirens immediately erupted within the Four Xuan Region Alliance in response to this unexpected situation. Soon after, countless figures rose into the air as Yuan Power dashed into the sky.
“There is no need to panic. Those are our allies from the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance.” Ling Qingzhu’s voice spread at this moment. Only then, did the tense atmosphere over the plains ease up.
“The Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance Army? Could they have already finished off the Yimo in the Chaotic Demon Sea? How impressive!”
“Now that these brothers have come, we will no longer need to fear those Yimo. This time, we will definitely be able to exterminate them!”
“Agreed!”
An earthshaking cheer erupted from the Four Xuan Region Alliance Army after their caution disappeared. Countless individuals waved their hands excitedly at the large locust like army that was approaching from afar.
“Eh… that is… big brother Lin Dong?!”
Although the coldness on her face had diminished slightly because of the arrival of the alliance army, she still maintained her demeanor as the alliance chief of the Four Xuan Region. However, when she saw the figure at the front of the army, the coldness on her small face vanished. Her joyous appearance stunned the surrounding upper echelons of the Four Xuan Region Alliance. They only understood after hearing Lin Dong’s name.
By the side, Ling Qingzhu nodded her head as she looked towards the approaching army. Although her beautiful face still appeared distant, everyone could see some warmth appearing within her eyes. This involuntarily caused several people to quietly shake their heads. These two ladies were fancied by countless young and outstanding men within the Four Xuan Region Alliance. However, it seemed that there was little hope for these individuals. With such a monstrous rival, where would they find the courage to compete?
The alliance army swiftly approached. Finally, they landed on the spacious plains. Lin Dong moved and directly appeared on the tall platform.
“Big brother Lin Dong!”
Qingtan said in a happy voice, while her slim figure had already pounced over. Lin Dong hurriedly caught her. He held her small and narrow waist as he dotingly rubbed Qingtan’s small head. He smiled and said, “You have already become the alliance chief of the Four Xuan Region, yet you act as though you are a child.”
Qingtan grinned happily. Her pure and innocent appearance was completely void of the cold murderous aura she had when she was in the alliance. She looked like a naive young girl who was unaware of the world’s affairs. However, only the experts from the alliance, who had tasted her tactics, knew just what kind of frightening methods hid under this seemingly silly appearance.
Lin Dong smilingly chatted with Qingtan. After which, he looked at Ling Qingzhu and gave her a warm smile. The latter’s usually aloof face reddened slightly upon seeing his smile and shifted her face to the side.
“How is the situation here?” Lin Dong asked.
“Our Four Xuan Region Alliance has been stuck in a stalemate with the Devil Prison army. However, big brother Lin Dong, you should be aware that in terms of strength, our Four Xuan Region is likely the weakest amongst the three great alliances. Hence, we have not been able to obtain the upper hand.” Qingtan said somewhat helplessly.
Lin Dong was unsurprised. Of the four Xuan Regions, the Western Xuan Region had already completely fallen under the control of Devil Prison. Thus, it was a little inferior when compared to the Chaotic Demon Sea and Demon Region Alliances. It was already rather good that Qingtan’s group could hold out till now.
“No problem. I have brought half of the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance over. This should be sufficient to eliminate this Devil Prison army.” Lin Dong grinned and said.
Qingtan nodded her small head. With these reinforcements, the situation would definitely become one-sided.
Lin Dong pulled Qingtan and approached Ling Qingzhu. He was suddenly stunned when he looked at the her, and it was clear that he had detected something strange about the latter. Moreover, the thing that surprised Lin Dong the most was the fact that he was unable to detect Ling Qingzhu’s current cultivation level.
“No need to keep sensing, I have already released all of my Yuan Power.” Ling Qingzhu faintly smiled and said when she feltg Lin Dong’s gaze.
“Released?” Lin Dong was startled. He said in a somewhat stunned voice, “Why have you released your Yuan Power? Now, you’re…”
Lin Dong paused at this point. Although he was indeed unable to detect any Yuan Power fluctuations from Ling Qingzhu, he could vaguely feel a familiar feeling emanating from her.
Ling Qingzhu extended her hand, and faint Primal Chaos Light suddenly gathered within it. A mysterious and powerful ripple pulsed.
“This is… Zenith Power?!” Lin Dong let out a startled voice. This was the power from sensing the Zenith.
“Yes. I have chosen to take a different path. Instead of cultivating Yuan Power, I am meditating the Zenith and absorbing its power into my body.” Ling Qingzhu nodded. “Even I do not know what cultivation level I am at now. However, it seems that I am much stronger than before.”
Even with Lin Dong’s mental fortitude, he involuntarily gasped. What was choosing to take a different path? Was there another path in this world other than practicing Yuan Power or Mental Energy?
Lin Dong was aware that this path was to absorb Zenith Power. However, how many people in this world could detect the Zenith? Moreover, even if they did, how would it be possible for them to absorb Zenith Power into their body? This was likely something that even Lin Dong could not do.
Additionally, Ling Qingzhu was also a little too bold. She had simply gotten rid of the Yuan Power she had painstakingly cultivated for dozens of years at a whim. This was even more decisive than his destruction of the Niwan Palace.
“It is only possible to maintain a pure heart and to sense the Zenith without other powers. This actually seems to be pretty good.” Ling Qingzhu softly said. Her beautiful face gave off an ethereal fairy-like feeling. She had a distant demeanor to begin with. Now that this feeling was added, she truly appeared like a fairy descending upon the mortal realm. 
Lin Dong rubbed his nose. Originally, he had thought that he was quite abnormal. He never imagined that Ling Qingzhu was worse. Even he had never thought of such a thing. It seemed that Ling Qingzhu clearly had a much greater talent than him when it came to sensing this so called Zenith.
“Leave the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance Army to Qingtan and I. We will finish off this Devil Prison army. Now, I suggest you go and visit her.” Ling Qingzhu lifted a bundle of her fine black hair. Her clear eyes looked at Lin Dong as she spoke.
“Her?”
Lin Dong was taken aback. Soon after, he quickly recovered, “Ying Huanhuan? What happened to her?”
“You should go and take a look. It should be possible for you to detect where they are.” Ling Qingzhu shook her head and said.
Unease rose within Lin Dong’s heart. He quickly nodded. Without further ado, silver light flashed and he disappeared.
Ling Qingzhu sighed softly after seeing Lin Dong disappear.





 Chapter 1288: Quarrel
The border between the Eastern Xuan Region and Western Xuan Region. 
This was front line of the Western Xuan Region. Just another hundred miles or so, and one would enter the territory of the Western Xuan Region, which had already the headquarters of Devil Prison.
A couple of figures were silently seated on a towering mountain at the border. They appeared extremely small on the mountaintop, but they gave off an imposing aura that made respect and fear arise in one’s heart.
The Symbol Ancestor line had received the respect of the countless of lives in this world since ancient times. This was not merely because they stood at the peak of this world. Instead, it was because they possessed a willingness to sacrifice themselves for others.
Back then, the Symbol Ancestor had ignited his Reincarnation, and sealed both the Yimo Emperor and the crack between the planes in order to protect the countless lives of this world. It was through this act that they were able to prevent this world from falling into the enemy’s hands. His eight disciples had similarly given everything they had for this world. All the experts of  this world had a heartfelt respect when they talked about these heroes. This was also the reason why Ying Huanhuan’s group could easily establish the three great alliances. It was not purely due to the pressure from their strength. Instead, it was due to what they had done for this world in the past.
Ying Huanhuan sat quietly at the top of the mountain peak. At this moment, her eyes were not shut to cultivate. Her slim fingers within a pair of white gloves were aimlessly drawing circles on a rock on the ground. This absent minded manner of hers was witnessed by the Flame Master and the others by the side.
Such feelings were normally rarely seen on her.
The Flame Master’s group exchanged glances with each other as they smiled bitterly, and shook their heads. She had been acting in such a manner ever since she detected that Lin Dong had exited his cultivation seclusion… however, it was at least much better than her iciness from before.
“The Chaotic Demon Sea situation has already been stabilized. It is said that Tang Xinlian has already led half of the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance Army to aid the Demon Region, while Lin Dong had led the other half to the Four Xuan Regions.” The Flame Master suddenly said.
Ying Huanhuan’s hand suddenly paused upon hearing that name. After which, she nodded.
“Once the Demon Region and the Four Xuan Regions finish off the Devil Prison army on their side, we will be able to attack the Western Xuan Region.” The Darkness Master’s eyebrows lifted as she looked towards the distant Western Xuan Region. Even though it was very far away, it was still possible for them to detect the frightening Demonic Qi surging there.
“I wonder just what Devil Prison is doing. They… are far too quiet.”
The Thunderbolt Master and the others also nodded. Devil Prison had basically done nothing during this period, and simply allowed them to eliminate the three Devil Prison armies. Clearly, given the cunning character of Devil Prison, they would not do something as foolish as making unnecessary sacrifices.
If this was so, it meant that the Yimo definitely had some unknown aim.
Coldness gathered within Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes when this serious matter was mentioned, and she clenched her hand tightly. After pondering for a moment, she said, “We can prepare to summon her soul.”
The Flame Master and the rest were stunned, before they quickly nodded. It was indeed about time.
“Let’s get ready…”
The Darkness Master stood up. Her words suddenly cut as her expression became awkward. After which, she arrived beside Ying Huanhuan and softly said, “It seems that we can’t do it now.”
The Flame Master and the rest had also become aware. They looked towards a certain direction, and watched the space there distort as a figure swiftly shot over.
Ying Huanhuan had naturally also felt this familiar aura. Anxiety and panic was revealed in her icy eyes, while her hand was involuntarily tightened.
“Ha ha, so this is where everyone is.” Space was distorted, and a figure appeared on the mountain peak. Lin Dong looked at the Flame Master and the others. He cupped his hands together and smiled.
The Flame Master’s group looked at Lin Dong as surprise flashed across their eyes. “You have already created the Divine Palace?”
Their voices contained a shock that could not be hidden. They were well aware of just how difficult it was to create the Divine Palace. Even their present selves could not say that they had succeeded. Yet, Lin Dong had completed this step. This naturally caused them to be exceptionally shocked.
“I was lucky.”
Lin Dong landed on the ground as he smiled and shook his head. After which, he looked at Ying Huanhuan at the top of the mountain peak. The latter’s plain dress and long icy blue hair gently swayed under the mountain breeze. Her clear and pretty eyes seemed to avoid him after seeing him approach.
“Both of you should chat.”
The Darkness Master waved towards the Flame Master and the rest upon seeing this. After which, they turned and left.
“Senior sister!” Ying Huanhuan’s felt a little panic in her ice-cold heart when she saw that they were about to leave. She hurriedly wanted to make them stay. However, they had already disappeared.
Lin Dong’s gaze paused on Ying Huanhuan after seeing that the Darkness Master’s group had left for the time being. After which, he walked forward. Ying Huanhuan’s aura, which did not weaken even when facing the Heaven Seat King of Devil Prison, became sluggish upon seeing this. She involuntarily took a small step back.
“Why? Are you unhappy that I have come out from my cultivation seclusion?” Lin Dong stood in front of Ying Huanhuan and smilingly asked.
“No.” Ying Huanhuan shook her head, but her pretty eyes slightly flickered.
“In that case, you should look at me when you speak.” It was the first time Lin Dong had such an evasive mannerism from her. He could not help but find it rather interesting. He extended his hand and gently lifted Ying Huanhuan’s sharp snow white chin. After which, both pairs of eyes looked into each other.
Ying Huanhuan was also startled by Lin Dong’s action. She gazed upon at the increasingly determined young face in front of her. The latter’s eyes were filled with a warm smile, causing her heart to feel a little warmth.
“Congratulations. You have created the Divine Palace.” Ying Huanhuan softly said.
Lin Dong grinned. After which, he saw the long snow white gloves that on Ying Huanhuan’s hands. She also seemed to have detected his eyes, and involuntarily withdrew her hands.
Lin Dong grabbed her arm before she could do this. A frightening chill emanated from the glove he held in his hand.
“What happened?’ Lin Dong frowned slightly and asked.
“Nothing.” Ying Huanhuan struggled for a while. She wanted to pull her arm back, but Lin Dong’s hand was just like a metal pincer. He stared at her and extended his other hand to gently remove the glove.
Ying Huanhuan sighed softly in her heart upon seeing this. She could only allow him to do as he pleased.
A crystal like hand was revealed after the snow white glove was removed. The original fair and slender hand had become crystal like ice. At a glance, it appeared as though her hand was made entirely from ice.
Lin Dong was a little taken aback as he looked at her ice like hands. A frightening chill seeped towards him as he held her hand. This chill made him feel an intense and sharp pain.
Ch ch.
Cold Qi converged on Lin Dong’s palm, and a thin layer of ice swiftly covered Lin Dong’s arm. The latter could feel the Yuan Power within his body become sluggish when his arm was enveloped by this layer of ice.
“What is this?!” Lin Dong completely ignored the ice covering his arm as he stared at Ying Huanhuan. There was a trace of anger in his voice.
Ying Huanhuan gently bit her lips, but stubbornly refused to speak.
“Is this the repercussion from opening the Ancestral Citadel?” Lin Dong thought for a moment, and quickly recalled the strange actions of Ying Huanhuan at that time.
“Why didn’t you tell me?!”
“Will you still go in if I told you?” Ying Huanhuan stared at Lin Dong and retorted.
“Whether I go in or not is for me to decide! I seemed to have told you before that you are not allowed to lie to me!” Lin Dong furiously said.
“Even if it not for you, I will still open the Ancestral Citadel. If it not for the Ancestral Citadel, do you know just how many people in the Chaotic Demon Sea, Demon Region and Four Xuan Regions would have died?” It was clearly the first time that Ying Huanhuan had seen Lin Dong become angry at her. She could not help but feel wronged in her heart. However, she still clenched her teeth and spoke.
“Do you enjoy being the saviour of the world so much?!” Lin Dong cried out angrily. He had did his best to train. Yet, she had did her best to torture herself.
“Then what should I have done? Allow Devil Prison to sweep over the world and let everyone die together?” Ying Huanhuan clenched her hands and said.
“Alright, alright, since you love to be a saviour, go and be one. I will no longer concern myself with you!” Lin Dong’s eyes widened with rage as he said.
Ying Huanhuan’s lovely figure shook while she stared intently at Lin Dong. Her body trembled as she turned her head away. Her eyes had turned red as tears began to roll down her face.
“Then don’t bother about me! I don’t need you to care even if I die!” Ying Huanhuan shrugged off Lin Dong’s hand as she choked out.
Lin Dong looked at her trembling figure. At this very moment, she appeared exceptionally weak. The ice-cold aura was no longer present. This caused his heart to ache. He reached out and tried to grab her. However, Ying Huanhuan stubbornly dodged him.
Lin Dong disregarded this. He unreasonably grabbed her hand, and powerfully pulled, dragging her into his embrace. Both of his arms were like pincers. They were accompanied by an iciness as they grabbed her narrow waist which felt extremely nice to touch.
Ying Huanhuan struggled with all her might. However, she seemed to have forgotten that she was stronger than Lin Dong. If they really fought, Lin Dong would not be able to stop her.
“Don’t move!”
Lin Dong cried out angrily.
Ying Huanhuan gritted her teeth. “I don’t need you to care.”
Lin Dong adopted a stern face. He lowered his head and ruthlessly kissed those rosy lips. Both of them suddenly stiffened when their lips made contact.
The sensation on their touching skins was slightly cool like jade, yet there was a certain peacefulness under this sensation.
Ying Huanhuan was clearly stunned by this action of his. Her icy-blue eyes looked at the face that was almost touching her own. She did not dare to move, while a blush gushed out on her pretty face.
The two kissed on the mountaintop. It was a long time later before their lips separated.
“You…” Ying Huanhuan finally recovered. Her somewhat red eyes stared at Lin Dong in embarrassment and anger.
“You what?” Lin Dong licked his lips. After which, he tightly hugged the girl in his embrace. A faint glint appeared within his pitch-black eyes. After which, his lips approached her ear, and he softly said, “Your appearance earlier was really like how you were in the past…”
Like the lively girl, who would occasionally act willfully and throw tantrums, but also make one could not help but cherish her.
Ying Huanhuan gently leaned on Lin Dong’s chest as she felt his warmth. Tears once again emerged in her eyes. After which, she muttered softly. “I… I did not want to lie to you. But… but I really did not have any other choice.”
Lin Dong felt some sadness in his heart after hearing the choking voice of the girl in his embrace. After which, he held her firmly and said in a serious voice, “I will protect you.”
Ying Huanhuan shut her eyes as she gently buried her face into Lin Dong’s chest. There was a slight smile on her face. However, this smile was accompanied by a slight trace of bitterness.
With these words of yours, I will be perfectly satisfied regardless of what happens in the end… 





 Chapter 1289: Life Death Master
Atop the mountain peak, the two figures hugged each other for a long time, before Ying Huanhuan finally pushed Lin Dong away. She pursed her rosy lips and glared at Lin Dong in a somewhat embarrassed manner as she said, “It is all your fault. They have definitely seen us.”
“They can watch all they want.” Lin Dong was unconcerned. Soon after, he smiled at Ying Huanhuan and said, “Why are you becoming more and more like how you were in the past.”
“It might be akin to the final radiance of the setting sun.” Ying Huanhuan heedlessly said. However, she smiled faintly after seeing Lin Dong’s stern face.
“We are preparing to initiate the ‘soul summoning’.”
“Soul summoning?” Lin Dong was startled.
“There seems to be no signs of activity from first senior sister. However, I can sense that she has successfully reincarnated. Once the three great regions stabilize, we will engage Devil Prison in the decisive battle. Hence, we need to summon her.” Ying Huanhuan said.
“First senior sister?” Lin Dong frowned. He thought for a moment, before replying. “That’s right, it’s the Life Death Master? Is she really still alive?”
“First senior sister controls the power of life and death. Amongst us, first senior sister is the one who is most unlikely to die.” Ying Huanhuan said. 
“This forceful summoning won’t have any detrimental effect, will it?” Lin Dong asked.
“I can sense that first senior sister has successfully reincarnated. There should not be problem summoning her now.” Ying Huanhuan said.
Lin Dong nodded. The Life Death Master was one of the eight ancient masters. If they had her aid when the great battle began, it would raise their chances of victory.
“Please help guard us while we arrange for the soul summoning.”
“Okay. Leave it to me.”
Ying Huanhuan beckoned with her hand, and light flashed on the mountain top as the Flame Master and the others appeared. They gazed at the two individuals with a strange look in their eyes.
“Cough.”
Lin Dong could not help but cough dryly after seeing the expression in their eyes, while Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face reddened. Soon after, she calmed her heart and said, “Let’s begin.”
The Flame Master and the others nodded. They immediately moved and rose into the air as frightening Yuan Power ripples swept out from within their bodies like floodwater.
Yuan Power spread. Finally, it turned into many entwining threads of light. These threads gradually turned into a complicated array, while Ying Huanhuan and the rest stood at the six corners of the array.
A circular light barrier rose and finally covered the six of them. Ying Huanhuan glanced at the Darkness Master and nodded. With a flick of her finger, a black and white speck of light suddenly shot out. This light floated at the middle of the formation.
It was a very tiny cluster of light, and there seemed to be a thread of black hair floating within it. A mysterious fluctuation faintly emanated from it.
The group sat down in the air as their eyes were slowly shut. The strand black hair started to burn, and an incomparably mysterious ripple quietly spread before vanishing.
The six people in the sky were all completely silent.
Lin Dong stared at them. After seeing that there was nothing unusual, he finally nodded and sat down on the mountain. He was aware that they needed to quietly wait. Perhaps, the next figure which appeared in the horizon would be that legendary Life Death Master… 
Lin Dong felt some curiosity towards this ancient master whom he had never met.
　　……
Attempting to summon the Life Death Master clearly required some time. Ten days passed while Lin Dong sat on the mountain.
In the sky, Ying Huanhuan’s group did not show any signs of stopping during these ten days. Many faint and mysterious ripples were emitted. However, Lin Dong did not see the Life Death Master appear. It seemed that summoning her was not an easy task.
The Demon Region and the Four Xuan Regions were unusually turbulent during these ten days. With the addition of the Chaotic Demon Sea Alliance Army, the strength of the two great alliance armies rose significantly. This allowed them to begin attacking the Yimo armies.
Both sides fought continuously for ten days. The commotion from the battles had basically spread throughout the Demon Region and the Four Xuan Regions. It was an extremely miserable fight. Blood splattered over the land, and the sky seemed to be covered by a vast stream of figures.
Such a war could only be described as terrifying.
Although the Devil Prison armies were powerful, they did not have any reinforcements. Moreover, the three great alliances were cooperating with each other and their morale was high. Within a short ten days, the two armies stationed outside of the Western Xuan Region had been completely defeated. They were completely defeated after being chased by the alliance army, suffering countless of deaths in the process.
The situation of the three great regions gradually stabilized after now that things had reached this stage. Once they cleaned up the battlefields and made some preparations, the armies of the three great alliances would begin to gather towards the Four Xuan Regions.
Their momentum was undoubtedly extremely overwhelming. When the people of the Four Xuan Regions were filled with shock as they watched the black cloud like waves of soldiers sweeping through the sky. Compared to this, the war that came about in the Eastern Xuan Region due to Yuan Gate back then could only be considered child’s play.
The three great alliance armies gathered in the Four Xuan Regions. After a brief reorganisation, they began to head towards the Western Xuan Region. The pressure from their mighty aura caused even the sky to dim.
That majestic battle intent formed from the gathering of countless individuals made the world trembling in its wake.
On a majestic peak within at the borders of the Western Xuan Region, Lin Dong detected the approach of the three great alliance armies. He opened his eyes and peered into the distance with a grave expression.
“Is the decisive battle about to begin…”
Lin Dong muttered to himself. This calm before the storm made him feel that as if it was difficult to breath. This time, they no longer had a legendary existence like the Symbol Ancestor, who could support the greatest burden. They could only rely on themselves to protect this world.
Lin Dong deeply inhaled. After which, his eyes looked towards the light array in the sky. This was the fifteenth day. However, the summoning did not led to anything. If it was not because of Ying Huanhuan’s certainty, Lin Dong would have suspected that the Life Death Master had failed to reincarnate… 
If this was the case, it would undoubtedly be a big blow towards for them all.
Lin Dong frowned. However, the light array in the sky suddenly shook just as he was feeling a little uneasy in his heart. Subsequently, he saw a dazzling light suddenly shoot towards the sky.
This light beam was extremely mysterious. It appeared to possess a mighty aura, but an ordinary person was unable to detect it. Even Lin Dong was only able to sense it because he had advanced to the Divine Palace level.
Ying Huanhuan’s group opened their eyes at this moment. Some anxiety was present within them. If even this summoning light could not summon the Life Death Master, it would mean that they had failed.
“All we can do now is wait for a response…” They exchanged glances with each other. They had already done all they could.
　　……
Some changes occurred in the distant Great Desolate Province of the Eastern Xuan Region when  the mysterious light beam shot towards the sky.
A tiny figure was seated on a tall building in a city at the middle of the Great Desolate Province. Her small, slim and fair legs swung to and fro as her small lips continued to hum a joyous tune.
The tune from the little girl’s lips suddenly stopped as she lifted her small face, and looked into the distance with a lost expression. Those innocent and large eyes of hers could see an extremely dazzling ray of light in the distant sky.
“That is…”
The little girl’s swinging legs slowly halted as countless colors swam in her large eyes. Soon after, a painful expression emerged on her small face as if something was awakening deep within her mind.
Bang!
An extremely terrifying aura suddenly exploded, causing the clouds in the sky above the city to distort. They vaguely transformed into a ten thousand feet large black and white cloud. It twisted and squirmed as it turned into a giant circular cloud.
The giant cloud was black and white, appearing just like life and death.
A figure suddenly shot out from within the city. After which, she swiftly appeared on the tall building and looked at the little girl, whose large eyes were filled with changing colors. Anxiety flashed across her face as she hurriedly cried, “Yinyin? What is happening to you?!”
That small girl called Yinyin slowly lifted her small face, and gazed at the beautiful and dear woman in front of her. She quickly gave the latter a faint smile. However, this smile no longer possessed the same innocent and carefree appearance as before.
“You…”
Jiang Xue’s pretty face was a little pale as she observed the current Yinyin, while tears gathered within her eyes, “Have… have you awakened?”
Yinyin walked off the tall building, stepping on the air as she arrived in front of Jiang Xue and gently embraced her. Her voice still appeared a little immature, “Thank you elder sister.”
Jiang Xue trembled slightly as she looked at the little girl in her embrace. Her eyes were red as she said. “Are you still my little sister?”
“Awakening does not mean that the old memories are erased. Although I have changed, I am both the Life Death Master and Yinyin.” Yinyin softly said.
“Life Death Master?”
Jiang Xue’s figure shook. She was aware that Yinyin was a reincarnator. However, she never imagined that Yinyin’s former reincarnation would actually be one of the eight masters, the Life Death Master!
“You… are you going to leave us?” Jiang Xue mumbled.
“No way. I am going to lend them a hand. Elder sister should know of Devil Prison. We will never be able to live peacefully if we do not finish them off.”
Yinyin shook her head. She smiled at Jiang Xue and said, “Elder sister, you can be rest assured that I will return once I settle those matters. Is that alright?”
Jiang Xue was speechless. She could only nod her head and hug the little girl as if she was afraid to lose her.
Yinyin also hugged Jiang Xue’s neck. After which, she softly kissed Jiang Xue’s neck. Soon after, her body slowly faded until she completely disappeared.
“You must come back.”
Jiang Xue looked at her now empty arms as tears involuntarily fell.
　　……
Lin Dong looked at the light beam in the sky. His heart suddenly shook, and his eyes peered into the distance where light was flashing. A moment later, a tiny figure appeared before their anxious eyes.
The light disappeared and a little girl was revealed. Subsequently, Lin Dong’s group was left completely stunned.
“You…”
Lin Dong looked at this somewhat familiar and cute little girl as disbelief surged in his eyes. “You… you are Yinyin?!”
“Big brother.”
Yinyin gave Lin Dong a sweet smile. After which, she directly pounced towards him in front of Ying Huanhuan and the rest’s stunned eyes. Lin Dong gazed at the large black eyes of this little girl. A deep feeling had appeared within those originally pure and innocent eyes. Such depths appeared as though they had seen though life and death.
Lin Dong’s body gradually stiffened. His eyes were filled with shock. Who could have imagined that the Life Death Master, whom they had searched for such a long time, was actually… Yinyin!





 Chapter 1290: Gathering of the Armies
On the mountain peak, Lin Dong looked at the little girl, which had leapt into his embrace, with some remnant shock in his eyes. In fact, it was a long while later before he finally inhaled a deep breath of air and lowered his head to look at Yinyin. Immediately, he saw the latter staring back at him with her large smiling eyes. However, her eyes no longer looked as innocent as before. Instead, there was a teasing expression within them.
“How unexpected. The person whom I met so many years ago is actually the renowned Life Death Master now.” Lin Dong sighed with a complicated emotion in his heart. Was the current Yinyin still that naive and innocent little girl whom he met in the past? In fact, Lin Dong could not find the slightest hint of that girl within her eyes. Perhaps Yinyin’s memories had merged with the Life Death Master, but as of now, she was most likely the Life Death Master. 
“There is no need to frown. Reincarnation is not the same as rebirth. The merger of two sets of memories is not equivalent to getting rid of one of them. In my heart, I am still the same Yinyin when facing elder sister.” Yinyin’s dark black large eyes seemed to have seen through Lin Dong’s mind as she laughingly said.
Lin Dong scratched his head. After which, he looked at Ying Huanhuan and the rest, who were standing beside him, before he shrugged his shoulders and said “Your big senior sister is back.”
“Hello, everyone. Did you guys miss me!” Yinyin waved her small hand towards Ying Huanhuan’s group. Meanwhile, the smile on her small face looked exceptionally innocent.
“Big senior sister, this appearance really suits you.”
The Spatial Master walked towards her with a smile, before he extended his arm and tugged Yinyin’s long hair. However, the latter immediately leapt up before she ruthlessly pulled his ear and said, “Little Space, you must be respectful towards big senior sister. Where are your manners? How many times have I told you before?!”
When the Flame Master and the rest saw this, they laughed bitterly immediately. Unexpectedly, even after her appearance changed, the Life Death Master’s violent nature remained the same.
After lecturing the Spatial Master, the Life Death Master finally patted her small hands before she turned to look at the Western Xuan Region. Promptly, a dark expression flashed across her large eyes before she said, “It seems like they have found the Devil Suppressing Prison which I was suppressing previously.”
Ying Huanhuan nodded and said, “Currently, the troops from the three great alliances are rushing over. Once their troops arrives, we will attack the Western Xuan Region and exterminate the Devil Prison.”
“I never expected… that another great world war is about to begin. However, this time around, teacher is not around to help us. Therefore, we can only rely on ourselves.” The Life Death Master sighed. Meanwhile, her juvenile voice contained a solemness that left one feeling pressured.
The expression of the Flame Master’s group became increasingly solemn upon hearing this.
“Big senior sister, there is no need to be so pessimistic. Teacher might no longer be around, but the Devil Prison has also lost their Yimo Emperor. In fact, they are trapped in this world like prisoners and there is ultimately no way they can escape death.” Ying Huanhuan said.
“Haha, that’s right. Teacher might not be around, but the most frightening Yimo, the Yimo Emperor, is also not around.” The Life Death Master smiled and nodded. Following which, a fearsome glint flashed across her large eyes before she looked at the Western Xuan Region and said, “This time around, we must get rid of them completely.”
“The alliance armies should arrive in another two days.” The Flame Master said.
“Aye.”
The Life Death Master extended her small arms before she smilingly said, “In that case, let’s wait for another two days. After which, we will go and exterminate all the Yimo!”
Even though she had an innocent smile on her face when she uttered these words, the frightening murderous desire within her words caused the surrounding temperature to plummet.
“Big brother.” The Life Death Master tilted her small head before she looked at Lin Dong.
“Can you not address me in this manner?” Lin Dong shuddered involuntarily before he said helplessly.
The Life Death Master involuntarily chuckled before she said in a lazy manner, “You are quite capable indeed. Even an ice queen like our little junior sister was conquered by you. Tell me, what techniques did you use?”
“Big senior sister.” Ying Huanhuan cried out somewhat helplessly. 
“Haha, alright. I’ll drop this. However, little fellow, you are quite capable indeed. Just how many years has it been. Yet, you actually formed a Divine Palace. It seems like you are in no way inferior to little junior sister.” The Life Death Master laughed. She had naturally detected Lin Dong’s strength. Although his Yuan Power cultivation was merely at the Reincarnation stage and was hardly outstanding in her eyes, the ripple emitted from his Divine Palace took her by surprise.
Beside them, the Flame Master and the rest shrugged their shoulders towards Lin Dong. Clearly, they were used to this.
“All of you can carry on without us. I have something to discuss with little junior sister.”
The Life Death Master pulled Ying Huanhuan aside before they walked into the distance. After which, she stopped beside a cliff. Following which, the smile on her small face gradually disappeared as she said, “You are suppressing the power within your body, am I right?”
“Aye.” Ying Huanhuan looked into the distance and nodded faintly.
The Life Death Master sat at the edge of the cliff before she muttered, “In your current state, it’s impossible for you to defeat the Heaven Seat King.”
“Big senior sister, don’t worry. I am aware of my own limits.” Ying Huanhuan laughed.
The Life Death Master sighed, “You have truly changed after one reincarnation… However, you should do as you deem fit. After all, amongst all of us, you are the only one who can defeat the Heaven Seat King.”
Currently, Ying Huanhuan was also sitting beside her. Meanwhile, her delicate hands were wrapped around her knees as she softly said, “How nice would it be if the Yimo did not exist…”
If that was the case, there would be no need for her to awaken her power, nor would she have to freeze all her emotions and endure that endless lonely iciness.
With a complicated expression on her face, the Life Death Master said, “It has been hard on you. Why must this burden fall on your shoulders?”
Ying Huanhuan shook her head gently. Following which, she buried her head between her knees before she softly said, “Don't worry. This time around, we will definitely emerge victorious.”
　　……
After they summoned the Life Death Master, the next two days were rather peaceful. Occasionally, they would look towards the north. At that distant land, they could detect that a frightening desire to fight was slowly sweeping over.
That fighting desire could shake the world. In fact, despite the Ancient Masters’ formidable might, their expressions turned solemn. This aura was formed after gathering every top expert in this world. Therefore, this was not something that anyone alone could block by himself.
On the third day, when the first ray of sunlight shone onto the ground, the calm before the storm gradually died down. Lin Dong’s group lifted their heads before they saw countless figures flooding over from the distant sky like a swarm of locust. In fact, their sharp rushing wind noises could be heard from three hundred miles away.
Many large clusters of powerful soldiers rushed over. Finally, they gradually landed in front of this mountain. At a glance, the sky and the ground were covered by a large sea of people. In fact, with a single glance, it was impossible to see an end to this massive alliance army.
Lin Dong and the seven of them were standing on the mountain peak. Following which, countless experts from the alliance army discovered their presence. Immediately, respectful and orderly voices reverberated, “Greetings to the elders!”
Following which, a few glowing figures shot out from within the large alliance army. After which, they swiftly approached the mountain peak.
“Big brother!”
A powerful voice sounded. After which, a metal tower like figure directly rushed towards Lin Dong. Subsequently, he landed heavily on the mountain peak, causing it to vibrate slightly.
“Little Flame?!” When Lin Dong saw that metal tower like man, a trace of joy flashed across his eyes. Currently, Little Flame looked even more muscular compared to before. However, his skin appeared to be extremely rough. Meanwhile, a faint purple-gold glow was being vaguely emitted from him.
“This fluctuation…”
A glint flashed across Lin Dong’s eyes. This was because he could detect a relatively familiar fluctuation from within Little Flame’s body. It was the strength of an Ancestral Symbol.
“It’s the Chaos Ancestral Symbol.” The Chaos Master smiled faintly. He sized up Little Flame’s body before he nodded. It seems like he was quite satisfied with who the Chaos Ancestral Symbol chose as its new owner.
Little Flame rubbed his head and laughed, “One year ago, I stumbled across it. After that, I gave it a try and ended up winning the acknowledgment of the Chaos Ancestral Symbol.”
Lin Dong grinned and nodded. He was happy that Little Flame had such a chance encounter. In fact, it was possible for him to detect that Little Flame had already advanced to the Reincarnation stage. Together with the Chaos Ancestral Symbol, there was no need for Little Flame to fear even if he was up against a true king Yimo.
Lin Dong smiled. After which, his eyes turned towards Little Flame’s side. At that spot, stood a black clothed handsome tall young man. Who else could he be besides Little Marten? However, perhaps it was because he was in charge of the Demon Region alliance, his face looked colder and sterner than before. 
At this moment, Little Marten was also looking at Lin Dong. Meanwhile, there was a warm expression on his handsome face. Both of them smiled as they looked at each other. The brotherly feelings between the both of them was beyond question. 
“That’s right, there is someone who really wants to meet you.” As if he suddenly recalled something, Little Marten turned around and waved to the Demon Region alliance army behind him. Following which, a bright light shot over. Then, that bright light disappeared before a slim beautiful young lady appeared in front of Lin Dong.
This young lady had a soft and tall body. Meanwhile, she was wearing a long dress while her black hair was tied randomly. Her skin was snow white and she had a narrow willow like waist. She had high eyebrows, a tall nose and sexy red lips. When she curled her lips, the smile on the corner of her lips looked extremely enchanting and it would cause one’s heart to flutter. Just looking at her would leave one absent-minded.
“You… are you Xin Qing?” However, Lin Dong did not lose his mind because of her bewitching beauty. Instead, he merely stared at her in shock before he cried out joyously.
“Xin Qing greets lord Lin Dong.”
The young lady bowed towards Lin Dong. However, there was a trace of pure and natural temptation flowing within her faint smile. Meanwhile, there was joy within her lively pretty eyes, which could not be concealed, as she stared boldly at Lin Dong in a heated fashion.
This young lady was in fact Xin Qing, the girl who had accompanied Lin Dong to the Demon Region back then, only to end up sealing her entire stockard in order to receive the Nine-tail fox inheritance!
However, within a few years, the young lady from before had already undergone a drastic transformation. In fact, she no longer looked as delicate and timid as before. Even with Lin Dong’s mental fortitude, he involuntarily felt a little strain when she stared at him with her bright watery eyes.
The Nine-tail foxes were indeed extremely attractive. It’s no wonder even though the Devouring Master had a wife, he still ended up having ties with the Nine-tail fox… 
“How is your stockade doing?” Lin Dong smilingly asked.
Xin Qing curled her small lips and nodded. She said, “Our Nine-tail tribe has once again become one of the overlord tribes in the Demon Region. It’s all thanks to lord Lin Dong’s help. Xin Qing will never forget this huge favour.”
Lin Dong smiled. When he heard about what happened to the Nine-tail fox stockard, he felt joy in his heart. 
Many figures once again rushed over from afar. Qingtan, Ling Qingzhu, Tang Xinlian, Qingzhi and the many elite members of the alliance had rushed over.
Ying Huanhuan looked at the alliance army, before she inhaled a deep breath and said, “Since everyone is here, the three alliance armies shall be commanded by Miss Xinlian. Everyone must do their best to assist her.”
“If we lose this war, it is likely that every living being in this world will fall into the hands of the Devil Prison!”
“Understood!”
Everyone cupped their hands together solemnly upon hearing this. Clearly, all of them knew how crucial the final upcoming battle was.
“In that case…”
Ying Huanhuan exchanged glances with the Life Death Master and the rest. Following which, a stern expression flashed across their eyes.
“Let’s head out and attack the Western Xuan Region!”





 Chapter 1291: Attacking the Western Xuan Region
The Western Xuan Region was once one of the Four Great Xuan Regions. However, as of now, this vast region had undergone a drastic transformation. In fact, both the ground and sky were completely pitch black. Meanwhile, viscous demonic aura permeated the sky and after the demonic aura gathered and reached a certain extent, they would transform into devil clouds. Finally, devil rain would descend from the sky in all directions.
Deep within every area permeated by the demonic aura, there were numerous roars being emitted. Meanwhile, these roars were all filled with violence and brutality. 
A mountain range within the Western Xuan Region. As of now, the originally peaceful and quiet atmosphere in this mountain range was already ruined. Countless demonic beasts were fleeing the mountain range as quickly as possible. Meanwhile, it was possible to vaguely spot many figures hidden deep within this mountain range. Currently, all of them were bunched up together. Moreover, their eyes contained rich fear as they looked at their backs. 
Sizzle sizzle.
Far behind them, waves of demonic aura rolled over. Meanwhile, there were countless diabolical scarlet eyes within the demonic aura. They were as quick as a phantom and deafening sharp laughters would sound continuously. As the waves of demonic aura shot forward, they completely penetrated the numerous demonic beasts and humans in front of them. Dense blood spread along with sharp screeches.
This was akin to a hunt.
However, as of now, these living beings were all prey while the Yimo were the merciless hunters.
Although the Western Xuan Region had been occupied by the Devil Prison for a long time, this place was simply too vast. Meanwhile, many humans and living beings had no time to flee and they were trapped in this region. Faced with the powerful Yimo, all they could do was to hide carefully like a bunch of mice. After all, they knew that a cruel fate would await them if they were found.
This place was near the border of the Western Xuan Region. If they were able to escape, they would be able to reach a safe place. The difference between these two places was equivalent to the difference between heaven and hell.
Everyone clung onto this thought as they tried their best to suppress the fear within their hearts. However, when they saw that the Yimo were slowly catching up to them, despair and grief involuntarily rose in their hearts. 
Are we ultimately unable to escape…  
A bloody fog drifted from behind and dyed the faces of many people red. Promptly, they quickly rubbed off the blood trails on their faces. However, just as the despair within their eyes soared to its peak, someone suddenly stopped before he stared in shock at the distant sky. 
A hurried rushing wind sound suddenly sounded in the distant sky. Subsequently, clusters of dark clouds rushed over. As those dark clouds slowly approached them, they finally realized that it was actually an army made up of countless powerful humans!
Countless figures rushed over from all directions. They were just like a swarm of locust as they blotted out the sun. Meanwhile, a frightening fighting desire gathered before it actually pushed back the frightening demonic aura, which permeated the Western Xuan Region, forcing them to retreat continuously.
“That is…”
Everyone who was fleeing in this mountain range suddenly came to a stop. As they stared at the army sweeping over from all directions, wild joy suddenly surged within their despairing eyes. 
“Ah ah ah!”
They waved their hands crazily while sharp cries sounded. This sight, which appeared at their most desperate moment, gave them the impulse to burst into tears. 
The Yimo army that were chasing after them from behind suddenly stopped. Meanwhile, they used their scarlet red eyes to stare at the large alliance army, which had showed up. Promptly, fear flashed across their faces. Soon after, a sharp cry sounded before the demonic aura actually began to retreat rapidly.
“Charge!”
However, right after they retreated, an orderly explosive cry, which caused the land to vibrate, sounded. Soon after, the surrounding Yuan Power turned violent before countless Yuan Power pillars whistled forward and charged crazily towards the Yimo army.
Bang bang bang!
The land trembled violently. The fearsome Yimo army collapsed under this overwhelming attack. In fact, even their demonic aura were completely eradicated. 
“The three great alliance army listen up, take formation and push forward. Along the way, if you run into any Yimo, kill him immediately!” A lovely cold cry wrapped by majestic Yuan Power spread across the sky in an extremely stern fashion, before it reverberated across the entire place.
“Understood!”
Countless soldiers responded in an orderly fashion. The sound agglomerated from thousands of soldiers caused the air to tremble until it even began to buzz. 
Countless soldiers whistled forward. As they advanced, they had clearly formed a battle formation. By doing so, if they were attacked, they would be able to respond quickly. 
The many figures in the mountain range, who were all rescued in time, stared in shock at the throngs of soldiers sweeping across the sky like a swarm of locust. Following which, the frightening battle desire, which had been agglomerated together, caused their bodies to boil.
“All of you should leave the Western Xuan Region as quickly as possible!” A member of the upper echelon of the three alliance army rushed out. Then, he looked at them, before he waved his hand and cried out loud. After which, he quickly returned to his position.
“That is the army from the three great alliances! They are… taking back the Western Xuan Region and duking it out with the Devil Prison!” Some people were clearly well informed. Therefore, they immediately exclaimed in joy after they saw this lineup.
“We… should we follow them?”
All of a sudden, rich hatred began to surge within some people’s eyes. Then, they gritted their teeth before they turned to stare at the Western Xuan Region, which was now covered with demonic aura. Soon after, they turned around and roared. Finally, they followed behind the army and charged forward.
“My martial brothers were all killed by the Yimo. Where else can I go? The Western Xuan Region is my home. Even if I die, I want to die here!”
No one knew who had released these miserable roars. However, the eyes of many individuals quickly turned red. In the next moment, these people, who were fleeing miserably out of fear previously, seemed to have regained their courage as they turned around and quickly followed the alliance army. Only the furious roars that occasionally sounded, demonstrated the pain within their hearts.
“Commander?” Standing in the sky, a small platoon from the alliance army looked at the commotion below before they turned to look at their commander.
“Let them follow us. They need to take their revenge as well. With the alliance chief commanding the army and so many elders around, nothing will go wrong. We only need to encircle the Yimo!” That commander shook his head. After all, he could empathize with them. This was because he was the only one left in his family.
“Understood!”
　　……
The alliance army was just like a massive torrent. Ever since they crossed the Western Xuan Region, they began to push forward in a orderly steel like fashion. Along the way, everywhere they passed, countless Yimo were killed by them. Everywhere they passed, the flames of war would rage, turning the place into a complete mess. 
However, despite being pressured by the massive alliance army, the Devil Prison did not make a move. Their silence caused one to feel even more uneasy.
“According to our intelligence reports, the most powerful troops in the Devil Prison are all gathered in the Western Xuan City. That city used to be the Western Xuan Sect’s headquarters. However, the Western Xuan Sect was eliminated by the Devil Prison.” While that large army advanced, Tang Xinlian, who was located in the middle of the army, looked into the distance. Meanwhile, there was a cold and stern expression on her pretty face.
“Over the last few months, there has been no activity from the Devil Prison. They must be working on something secretly. Therefore, everyone must remain cautious.”
Ying Huanhuan and Lin Dong nodded. Given the Devil Prison’s character, there was no way they would simply sit back and wait for their death. In fact, they had fought with the Yimo numerous times since the ancient world war. However, they had never seen the Yimo acting in this manner. 
“The reason why they do not dare to take the initiative to attack is likely because they are fearful of us. After all, the situation now is different from before. The crack between the planes has been sealed and they no longer have a continuous stream of reinforcements, nor do they have a Yimo Emperor. Therefore, they are at a disadvantage compared to us.” The Flame Master slowly said.
“Regardless, it’s best to remain cautious.” A solemn expression flashed across the Life Death Master’s innocent looking face. Then, she looked into the distance and muttered, “The reason why we have an advantage is because teacher ignited his Reincarnation. Hence, no matter what happens, we must win this war.”
Everyone nodded solemnly. As of now, every powerful force in this world was gathered in this place. Therefore, if they failed, it was likely that no one else would be able to stop the Devil Prison. At that time, the entire world would become just like the Western Xuan Region, and all living beings would become prey for the Devil Prison.
“At our current speed, the army should reach the Western Xuan Great Desert in two days.”
Tang Xinlian inhaled a deep breath of air. Her voluminous chest rose gently before she said, “There is no way we can retreat. Therefore, for the sake of every living being in this world and the important people that we care about…”
“Please allow us… to fight with all our strength!”
　　……
The Great Desert of the Western Xuan Region.
This was the most spacious region within the Western Xuan Region. In the past, a sea of yellow sand would stretch on endlessly. However, right now, that sand had turned dark black in colour.
Evil demonic aura rose from within the desert. This magnificent and large desert was now completely polluted.
Meanwhile, a towering city stood all alone in the middle of this desert. This city was once the most flourishing place within the entire Western Xuan Region. However, as of now, there was not a soul in sight. Meanwhile, viscous demonic aura enveloped this place and one could vaguely see countless scarlet ferocious eyes flashing within the demonic fog.
There was a tall black tower in the middle of the city. This tall tower was tens of thousands of feet in size and it overlooked the entire city. Currently, there were a couple of black figures standing at the top of this tower. Meanwhile, they were all looking towards the north. This was because they could detect that a terrifying pressure was slowly creeping over from that direction.
“Finally, they are about to arrive…”
Standing right in front, the Heaven Seat King, who was dressed in black robes, gave a faint smile. His face was exceptionally fair and the smile on his lips even looked fairly warm and friendly. However, his dark black eyes were void of emotion.
“Finally, after so many years, we no longer have to hide. I really look forward to killing all of them…” Standing beside him, a skinny young man extended his scarlet tongue before he smacked his lips as he laughingly said.
“Are you all prepared?” The Heaven Seat King smiled and said.
“Aye.”
Everyone standing behind him grinned before they nodded. Meanwhile, endless brutality was surging within their laughters.
“Very well.”
The Heaven Seat King stretched his waist, before the smile on his lips became increasingly warm. When he looked towards the north, a wild maniacal sharp glow began to accumulate deep within his eyes as he muttered to himself.
“I am really looking forward to it.”





 Chapter 1292: Great Eastern Xuan Desert
The setting sun hung in the sky over the yellow sands of the great desert. This ought to have been a spectacular scene. However, this place was currently covered by overflowing Demonic Qi. Countless sharp howls were occasionally heard, giving an additional trace of sorrow to this majestic sight.
Boom.
This scenery lasted for an unknown amount of time, before the sky suddenly trembled. The Demonic Qi that filled the great desert seemed to shiver as if affected. A black line suddenly surfaced on the horizon and rapidly expanded. Within a short couple of minutes, it had already transformed into an endless sea of humans that encircled the entire great desert.
Swoosh swoosh swoosh!
Innumerable rushing wind sounds continuously rang out in the sky. The aura and battle intent of the huge army converged and seemingly covered the sky as they swept forth. This lineup would terrify anyone.
The Demonic Qi which pervaded the desert was continuously pushed back under the pressure of that astonishing battle intent.
“Halt!”
Within the main formation, Tang Xinlian looked at the great desert which had appeared before their eyes. A cold glint flashed across her pretty eyes as her cold voice resounded amongst the three armies.
“Three armies, get into formation and remove the Demonic Qi!”
“Understood!”
Countless voices replied in an orderly fashion. Subsequently, vast and mighty Yuan Power swept forth and directly charged into the desert. The originally jet-black desert began to regain some of its original colour as Yuan Power swept past, and even the sky became a little clearer.
It was impossible to see the start and end of the great alliance army. Battle formations that were linked from head to tail started to spread out like a fan as they slowly approached the Western Xuan Great desert. Finally, the army entered the desert and removed the Demonic Qi. The earth shook as they marched towards the middle of the desert.
The entire desert shuddered. The sky and ground were basically completely occupied by human figures. This was a gathering of all the experts in the world!
　
The alliance army pushed forward step by step. Strangely, they did not encounter any obstructions. Hence, within a short period of an hour, the alliance army gradually came to a stop. Countless hatred filled red eyes turned were already looking towards a certain spot in the distance.
There was an enormous city in the middle of this black desert. It lay there like an evil beast from the depths of hell, while a frightening aura faintly spread.
Even the monstrous battle intent of the alliance army became sluggish in the face of that aura. Was this the headquarters of Devil Prison?
The alliance army stopped a hundred miles from the city. Both sides were silent as the atmosphere grew increasingly heavy. Everyone knew that once this atmosphere was broken, the most frightening battle in a thousand years would erupt.
“Ha ha, everyone is finally here. I have waited here with Devil Prison for a long time.”
The almost solid atmosphere lasted for a long time, before Demonic Qi suddenly gathered above the city, and a black robed figure slowly appeared. He looked at the distant alliance army, which filled the sky, and smiled as his warm voice reverberated over the entire desert.
Many figures shot out from the alliance army and appeared at the front. Ying Huanhuan’s icy-blue eyes looked at the familiar black figure as she spoke in a faint voice, “It has been a long time Heaven Seat King.”
“Ha ha, indeed. We have not met for thousands of years. It is unexpected that Ice Master is still as beautiful as ever and remains a source of admiration.” The Heaven Seat King on the city wall smiled at Ying Huanhuan as he replied.
“Truth be told, I am a little tired after fighting for so many years. Why don’t we shake hands and end the conflict this time? What do you say?” The Heaven Seat King laughed softly.
“Dirty things. All of you should scram from this world. This place does not belong to you.” The Life Death Master lifted her large eyes and lazily said.
The Heaven Seat King smiled. He lifted his head as his gaze seemed to penetrate the horizon. “Go back? We also wish to do so. Why don’t you help us open the crack between the planes and allow us to return?”
“Once all of you have been purified, your souls should be able to return to wherever you wish to.” The Flame Master said.
“Hahaha, you people are as rude as ever. None of you have changed after so many years.” Laughter was emitted from beside the Heaven Seat King. Black fog surged, and a couple of figures appeared. The youthful looking Second Seat King shook his head at the Flame Master as he remarked.
“You things really doesn't seem to die.” The Spatial Master looked at these familiar faces and involuntarily laughed coldly.
“Likewise.”
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes were icy and without any emotional fluctuation. She looked at the Heaven Seat King and slowly said, “Don’t worry. We should be able to end this millenia long war. You will not have a third chance.”
“It is not wise to be so confident when declaring such things.”
The Heaven Seat King smiled as he shook his head. Soon after, he lightly swung his hand. “Come out Devil Prison. Otherwise, we will be looked down on by others.”
Rumble.
The desert suddenly shook violently when he waved his hand. After which, everyone saw the desert begin to split open and viscous Demonic Qi surged out like liquid. Countless Yimo seemed to have climbed out from hell, and quickly covered the other side of the desert.
It was impossible to count the number of Yimo. Demonic figures stretched to the ends of one’s sight. It was clear that all of Devil Prison’s strength had been gathered here.
Such a lineup did not appear to be any weaker than the three great alliances army.
Boom!
The land trembled as a huge creature slowly rose within the city. Eight enormous demonic arms extended. It was as though even the air itself was torn apart by him. This was the Cosmic Evil Devil King.
“It seems that everyone is here.” The Life Death Master looked at the Cosmic Evil Devil King and said as a cold expression flashed across her small face.
“We will stop the Heaven Seat King’s group. The other strong individuals and the Devil Prison army will be left to all of you.” Ying Huanhuan turned her head. She looked at Tang Xinlian, Little Marten, Ling Qingzhu, Qingtan, Qing Zhi and the others as she said.
“Understood!”
Everyone slowly nodded. Was this the beginning of the decisive battle?
“Three armies, listen up. This is our final fight. We will forever be rid of any threats if we win. Should we lose, the miserable fate of this Western Xuan Region will spread to the entire world. No one will be able to escape!”
Tang Xinlian gripped her longsword tightly and suddenly swung it downwards, “If we wish to protect those whom we care about, then fight!”
“Fight!”
The eyes of countless individuals turned scarlet red as stern roars resounded. The earth shaking noise swept over the place like a hurricane, lifting countless grains of sand.
Bang!
The three great alliances army began to move, and formidable Yuan Power unfurled. It surged forward like floodwaters, creating battle formations. Their eyes were fully red as they charged towards Devil Prison.
“Ha ha, listen up Devil Prison. Kill all of them in order to fulfill the will of the emperor!” The Heaven Seat King also laughed loudly. His laughter was filled with a brutal murderous desire.
“Charge!”
A sharp howl erupted from within the Devil Prison army and Demonic Qi spread. Countless demonic figures seemed to cover the land as they charged forward. Finally, they clashed with the flood like alliance army.
Bang!
Two seemingly endless streams crashed into each other as the entire desert shook. Yuan Power and Demonic Qi crazily entwined and fought in the air.
Fresh blood dyed the land in an instant. The bloody smell and the crazed battle cries reverberated across the land, causing the sun to tremble and hide in the clouds.
“Let’s also attack!”
Ying Huanhuan’s figure moved and shot forward. At the same time, the Heaven Seat King’s group on the city wall instantly disappeared. When they next appeared, they were already in front of Ying Huanhuan’s group.
The Heaven Seat King smiled and looked at Ying Huanhuan’s group that stood before them.  Ultimately, his eyes paused on Ying Huanhuan as he said, “Ice Master, you are no match for me in this condition.”
Ying Huanhuan was quiet. She suddenly turned around and arrived in front of Lin Dong. Under his stunned gaze, she lifted her pretty face and her cold and soft red lips gently pressed on Lin Dong’s lips.
Complicated expressions rose in the surrounding crowd. This was because they saw many strange icy symbols surface on Ying Huanhuan’s body as the Cold Qi from her body grew increasingly terrifying.
Lin Dong looked at the pretty face that was mere inches away. He could similarly see Ying Huanhuan’s originally icy-blue hair and eyes gradually become like crystal at this moment.
A frightening and foreign coldness slowly emanated from within Ying Huanhuan’s body as though it was awakening. This caused Lin Dong to feel a cold piercing pain on his lips.
“Sorry.”
An apologetic expression flashed across Ying Huanhuan’s eyes. After which, she slowly pulled back. Her crystal like eyes contained some fear and worry as she stared at Lin Dong. Soon after, she suddenly turned around and removed her snow white gloves, revealing her crystal arms. Many ice symbols flickered with a strange luster on her arms.
“Let this world war end here. I do not have the patience to continue playing with all of you.”
Ying Huanhuan stared at the Heaven Seat King. Her voice had now become a lot more ethereal. There seemed to be little emotion within it.
Her long crystal hair danced gently. At this moment, she had a kind of iciness that could not be touched. Such iciness even possessed a divine feeling.
However, it was also rather distant and unfamiliar.
Lin Dong looked at the cold and foreign figure. Both of his hands involuntarily tightened slowly, while his body trembled. He knew that the true Ice Master had finally fully awakened…. 
“Wh...why?”
He lowered his head slightly, and a hoarse voice ultimately emerged as his body shook. There seemed to be an endless fury contained within it.
Upon hearing the hoarse voice behind her, the chilling aura from Ying Huanhuan’s body, which seemed to be able to freeze even the air, momentarily paused.





 Chapter 1293: Great World War
The cold aura, which seemed capable of freezing time itself, stilled for a moment due to Lin Dong’s angry and hoarse voice. Following which, the Flame Master and the rest looked at Lin Dong with a complicated emotion in their eyes. 
Lin Dong slowly lifted his head, before he stared at the pretty figure in front of him. Meanwhile, when the latter saw that his eyes were filled with fury, she clenched her hands tightly. 
When the Heaven Seat King saw this complicated situation, he gave a faint smile. Then, he glanced at Lin Dong before he said, “Do you want to know why? I can tell you the answer.”
The Heaven Seat King gently stepped forward. Immediately, his warm and friendly looking face became extremely cold and insidious. Meanwhile, terrifying demonic aura, which could not be described with words, surged out from within his body. In fact, his demonic aura was so frightening that they were even able to block the shocking cold aura from Ying Huanhuan. 
It seemed as if the entire world was trembling under his demonic aura.
This was strength that could truly annihilate the world. 
When the Flame Master and the rest detected how terrifying his demonic aura were, their expressions began to turn solemn. It seems like the Heaven Seat King had indeed made a complete recovery… 
“It’s because if she did not do so, all of you will die!” The Heaven Seat King gave a cruel smile. Currently, with the support of his dense demonic aura, he looked just like the devil himself. It was a terrifying sight to behold. 
“Let me try!”
Fury surged within Lin Dong’s heart, before a buzzing sound was immediately emitted from the Divine Palace between his brows. Then, he stared at the Heaven Seat King, before his body moved and he rushed forward. However, an icy cold hand grabbed his shoulder just as he was about to do so.
“Currently, you are no match for him.” A clear yet exceptionally icy cold voice resounded beside Lin Dong’s ear.
Lin Dong’s expression sunk. He jerked his shoulder before he pushed away that icy cold hand. Following which, silver light glimmered on his body, before he appeared right above the Heaven Seat King in a flash. Then, resplendent purple-gold light erupted before a hundred thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos roared in unison.
Bang!
Lin Dong threw a punch forward. Immediately, the one hundred thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos immediately transformed into a massive purple-gold dragon, which was hundreds of thousands of feet in size. After which, it roared towards the sky, before it tore through the empty space and charged explosively towards the Heaven Seat King.
“You are quite skilled indeed. However, this is not enough.” When the Heaven Seat King saw Lin Dong’s attack, he gave a faint smile. All of a sudden, he extended his fair hands before he swung them downwards. Immediately, two extremely deep black light flashed, before that large purple-gold dragon was directly sliced apart.
“Swoosh!”
After the Heaven Seat King sliced the huge purple-gold dragon, a vicious expression flashed across his eyes. After all, he realized how extraordinary Lin Dong was and knew that such an opponent posed a major threat to his Devil Prison. Hence, he wanted to kill him as soon as possible. 
With this thought in mind, the Heaven Seat King took a step forward before he appeared right in front of Lin Dong. Following which, he straightened two fingers. Meanwhile, both his fingers were actually covered with black demonic crystals. This transformation occured after his demonic aura had agglomerated until they reached their limits. In fact, with just a single finger, he could penetrate the world. 
When Lin Dong saw the Heaven Seat King’s attack, his pupils hardened. Following which, three different rays of light erupted from within his body. Following which, his entire arm liquidized. Meanwhile, within his arm, the strength of three Ancestral Symbols swept forward.
Bang!
The Heaven Seat King’s fingers jabbed Lin Dong’s liquidized palm. Immediately, a muffled sound appeared before Lin Dong’s surrounding space collapsed. After which, Lin Dong’s body shook before he took dozens of steps back while blood churned within his body.
Although his strength had advanced at a terrifying rate, there was still a gap between him and a top expert from the ancient times like the Heaven Seat King.
When the Heaven Seat King saw that his finger attack was only able to push Lin Dong back without causing any severe injuries, he felt somewhat displeased. Promptly, his body shot forward in a phantom like fashion. Then, he appeared in front of Lin Dong again as he prepared to continue his attack.
However, just as the Heaven Seat King was about to attack, an icy-blue figure appeared in front of Lin Dong. After which, she angrily jabbed with her delicate jade like finger before she clashed head-on with the Heaven Seat King. 
Crack!
The demonic aura and cold aura swept forward, causing the space itself to vibrate continuously.
Both parties clashed. After which, both their bodies shook before both of them retreated by a couple of steps. After which, the Heaven Seat King gave a faint smile before he said, “Ice Master, why are you so upset? I am helping you to teach him a lesson after I saw that he did not understand why you had to make a sacrifice for the sake of everyone else.” 
“You aren’t qualified to do so!”
A fearsome glint was glimmering within Ying Huanhuan’s crystal clear pretty eyes as she stared at the Heaven Seat King. Meanwhile, rich and dense murderous desire surged from within the deepest part of her eyes. 
“Haha, you have actually lost your temper. What a rare sight.” The Heaven Seat King teased. However, his eyes were not smiling at all. Instead, there was only pure ruthlessness in his eyes.
“Don’t act recklessly. I will give you a proper explanation once this is over.” Ying Huanhuan turned her head. Her crystal long hair was dancing gently with the wind. She looked at the skinny figure behind her before she softly said.
Lin Dong stared intently at this alluring figure. A moment later, he waved his hand before he said in a tired manner, “Alright then. Do what you want.”
After he spoke, Lin Dong retreated. When she heard this, Ying Huanhuan involuntarily clenched her fists. At this moment, even though her emotions were already frozen, she still felt a little upset when she heard his words. 
Huff.
However, this was indeed not the right time to be talking about this. Therefore, she inhaled a deep breath and suppressed the emotions in her heart. After which, she used her crystal clear pretty eyes before she stared at the Heaven Seat King with a smile. After fighting for so many years, this was the first time she felt such rich murderous desire towards this fellow that it nearly caused her to lose control. 
A frightening chill spread. Ying Huanhuan clenched her jade like hand gently before an ice spear slowly extended. Following which, murderous desire surged within her pretty eyes, before she finally lost control as her delicate figure rushed forward. Ice and snow swept across the sky before her cold sharp spear shadow, which could even freeze space and time itself, charged straight towards the Heaven Seat King.
“Haha, have you lost it?”
The Heaven Seat King laughed out loud towards the sky when he saw this. Demonic aura surged before he rushed forward instantly. After which, an extremely frightening ripple swept across the sky.
“Let’s fight!”
A cold glint flashed across the eyes of the Life Death Master after she saw that the two of them had started fighting. Subsequently, her body moved before she rushed towards the Second Seat King, “Leave this fellow to me.”
“Leave that big fellow to me!”
The Chaos Master looked at the Cosmic Evil Devil King. Following which, purple-gold light surged across his body, before his body swelled rapidly and he quickly transformed into a hundred thousand feet tall giant. His feet stepped on the ground before he charged towards the Cosmic Evil Devil King in a rumbling fashion.
“Since all of you have started to choose your opponents, allow me to do the same.”
The Devil Prison, Third Seat King, gave a faint smile. Then, he turned to look at Lin Dong before he said, “It seems like you are quite a pushover. How about I take you out first?” 
With no emotions on his face, Lin Dong walked on the air. Suddenly, a hundred thousand feet large divine light erupted from between his brows. Faintly, a Divine Palace seemed to have appeared.
“Divine Palace Master level?” The Third Seat King’s pupils hardened after he saw that Divine Palace. Only then did he understand why Lin Dong was qualified to stand alongside the Ancient Masters.
“Leave him to me.”
With a fearsome expression in his eyes, Lin Dong stared at the Third Seat King, before he dropped a message to the Flame Master’s group. After which, without further ado, a resplendent divine light erupted from between his brows before he dashed straight towards the Third Seat King. 
The Flame Master’s group nodded upon seeing this. Currently, Lin Dong’s strength was on par with them. Therefore, thanks to his Divine Palace, it was possible for him to fight the Third Seat King.
The Third Seat King’s face was still filled with smiles. He flipped his hand before a devil light shot out from the evil eye on his palm, intercepting the divine light that had shot out from the Divine Palace between Lin Dong’s brows.
Lin Dong moved and appeared in front of the Third Seat King. The Flame Master and the rest also began their attack, as they intercepted the remaining members of the upper echelon of the Devil Prison.
Currently, the sky and ground were divided into several battlegrounds. Meanwhile, the terrifying energy fluctuations from them affected the entire Western Xuan Region. In fact, even the citizens of the other three Xuan Regions could feel them as well. Soon after, countless pairs of anxiety filled eyes looked towards this extremely distant location.
“You are quite impressive indeed. It has only been a year since we last met, yet you have actually formed a Divine Palace.” The Third Seat King looked at Lin Dong, who was standing in front of him, before he said with a faint smile.
Lin Dong glanced at him indifferently. Currently, he was no longer in the mood for such an unnecessary conversation. Immediately, his body trembled before both his arms quickly liquidized. Following which, the strength of three great Ancestral Symbols erupted.
After he advanced to the Divine Palace Master level, Lin Dong’s control over the Ancestral Symbols have clearly reached a godlike level.
“Swoosh!”
Lin Dong moved. He seemingly teleported as he appeared above the head of the Third Seat King instantaneously. Meanwhile, his Ancestral Symbol palm, which contained vast and mighty Yuan Power, ruthlessly smashed towards the latter’s head together with a terrifying force.
“Bang!”
Although Lin Dong’s strength had soared, the Third Seat King was no pushover as well. Immediately, his body shook before viscous demonic aura gathered on his body. Then, they transformed into a ferocious looking black Devil Emperor Armour. Finally, he threw a punch and clashed head-on with Lin Dong.
A palm and fist slammed together furiously. Immediately, the surrounding space began to collapse an inch at a time. The shattered signs were startling obvious and shocking, and they looked just like cracked glass.
After throwing a punch, the Third Seat King showed no mercy. Many dark black sharp thorns quickly appeared on his ferocious looking Devil Emperor Armour, before he turned his body and swept towards Lin Dong like a hurricane. In fact, this attack was so sharp that it even cut the empty space itself. 
Nonetheless, Lin Dong did not step back after seeing this. Instead, the glow from his three Ancestral Symbols flashed wildly across his body. After which, his entire body gradually liquidized. In an instant, the liquidized Ancestral Symbols strength suddenly solidified. Then, they actually transformed into a black, lightning and silver coloured armour on his body. 
Bang!
A battle armour formed by his three great Ancestral Symbols enveloped Lin Dong’s body. Following which, he threw both his fists forward. Countless black holes, thunderbolts and silver light formed under his fists. Finally, they ruthlessly smashed against that incomparably sharp black hurricane.
Clang clang clang!
The two of them clashed head-on before sparks flew. In fact, the resulting shockwaves caused the world to tremble.
The two of them were just like crazy mad men as they clashed together furiously and threw punches continuously. In fact, both of them were putting their lives on the line with every attack. The force within each punch could kill an elite Reincarnation stage expert. However, they also relied on their powerful armours to forcefully endure the attacks. 
While Lin Dong and the Third Seat King fought manically, the fight within the few other battlegrounds in the sky quickly heated up. After all, both parties had fought for numerous years and they were well-aware of each other’s techniques. Therefore, they were completely merciless in this all-out fight. 
The empty space cracked while the sky shattered. This fight seemed capable of destroying the entire world.
This fight was an extremely fearsome and miserable one!





 Chapter 1294: Intense Fight with the Third Seat King
Demonic Qi raged and Yuan Power surged over the land. A terrifying fight was occurring here. This astonishing battle was the first of its kind for many millennia.
In summary, the place was divided into two giant battlefields, namely the land and the sky. These domains were where the alliance army fought the Devil Prison army and the battle between the upper echelons of both sides took place. The higher altitudes was more or less where Lin Dong and the Ancient Masters fought with the highest ranked members of Devil Prison.
Both parties had fought since ancient times, and they clearly understood each other's strength. Such a battle was unnaturally intense, and both sides were merciless in their attacks.
Boom boom!
Lin Dong was currently engaged in battle with the Third Seat King. He was not weaker than the latter since he had advanced to the Divine Palace level. Hence, it was impossible for the Third Seat King to easily defeat Lin Dong like a year ago.
Swoosh.
The two had transformed into streaks of light that weaved together in the sky, while the clouds continued to rush past both of them. At such a great height, it was possible for them to see two torrents smashing against each other when they turned their heads down.
Murderous desire and the smell of blood dashed towards the clouds.
Lin Dong’s body was wrapped in the Ancestral Symbol armour. He was akin to a human shaped terminator, and was completely unafraid of the Third Seat King’s Devil Emperor Armour. Countless black holes, thunderbolts and silver light would form every time he threw a punch. The strength of the three great Ancestral Symbols had completely merged together at this moment. This wildness and violence caused even the Third Seat King to have no choice but to be serious.
Boom!
The eyes of the two were filled with savagery. Each threw a punch forward, and two punches that contained all of their power clashed. Space crumbled and the both of them were thrown several tens of thousands of feet backwards. With a stomp on the air, they once again rushed forward.
Almost a hundred thousand purple-gold dragon tattoos rapidly soared. Lin Dong was now even more powerful than Qing Zhi when unleashing the Green Heaven Dragon Materialization Skill. Despite this, it was still difficult for him to gain an obvious advantage. The Third Seat King was evidently no ordinary foe. A sea of viscous Demonic Qi gushed forth and completely received all of Lin Dong’s wild and violent attacks.
Ch ch!
Lin Dong rushed forward as he clenched his hand. The power of three Ancestral Symbols swept forth and turned into a scepter that glowed with three different colors. Lightning flashed at the tip, while silver light emanated from the center of its body. Its end was completely pitch-black, appearing like a rotating black hole.
Swoosh swoosh!
Lin Dong’s arm shook and the Ancestral Symbol scepter turned into numerous scepter shadows that covered the sky as they approached the Third Seat King.
“Door of the Black Devil!”
A fierce glint flashed in the eyes of the Third Seat King as a demonic palm slammed heavily onto the empty space in front of him. Viscous Demonic Qi swept out and transformed into a ten thousand feet tall door of darkness that contained an extremely sinister depiction of a devil.
Bang bang bang!
The scepter shadows that contained the power of three Ancestral Symbols viciously attacked. Soon after, many cracks appeared on the Black Devil Door. Lin Dong swiftly merged with the Ancestral Symbol scepter as they rushed forward and pierced the giant door.
Swoosh!
Silver light suddenly flashed when the Ancestral Symbol scepter penetrated the giant door. One end of the scepter was still in Lin Dong’s hand, while the other end had strangely appeared behind the Third Seat King as it mercilessly thrust towards his back.
Clang!
Sparks flew and the body of the Third Seat King shot backwards in a miserable fashion. A deep dent had been left on the Devil Emperor Armour on his back. However, before he could become angry, the space around him rippled as countless lightning infused scepter shadows bizarrely penetrated space and shot towards his fatal spots.
Clang clang clang!
In the short span of a dozen breaths, all of the scepter shadows had already landed on the Third Seat King’s body. Numerous terrible scars had appeared on the sinister Devil Emperor Armour, making it look somewhat miserable. 
Roar!
The eyes of the Third Seat King suddenly turned red after being violently beaten. A sharp roar exploded from his throat as he threw a punch. Frightening Demonic Qi gathered on his fist and turned into glittering black light as the punch was ruthlessly thrown. The light contained dense Demonic Qi that had been suppressed to the limit. It directly blasted the air apart as it exploded onto Lin Dong’s body.
Bang!
Lin Dong’s body was sent flying backwards, and cracks had emerged on the Ancestral Symbol Armour. Blood flowed from the corner of his mouth as the blood in his body churned.
The Third Seat King was indeed worthy of being a peak level existence within Devil Prison. His fighting strength was the strongest amongst the opponents that Lin Dong had fought with over the years. This fight would definitely be a difficult one.
Having forced Lin Dong back, the Third Seat King glanced at the damaged Devil Emperor Armour that was covered in cracks, and the ferocity in his eyes intensified. He licked his lips and stared at Lin Dong in a sinister fashion. It was unexpected that this seemingly weakest person would actually be so difficult to deal with.
“Although the main goal today is not to fight with all of you, I am really displeased after being beaten by you in such a manner…” The Third Seat King grinned said to Lin Dong.
Lin Dong narrowed his eyes, “Not to fight?”
The Third Seat King smiled faintly. He lowered his head and glanced at the seemingly endless fighting below. He was able to sense a bloody and brutal aura that was rapidly accumulating.
“I have heard of you long ago from those three trash of Yuan Gate. Originally, I believed that you were just an insignificant ant. I would never have imagined that I would one day be pushed by an ant like you to such a state.”
The Third Seat King slowly lifted his right hand. The evil eye in his palm blinked as it looked at Lin Dong, a sight that made one’s hair stand on ends.
“However, I think that I will feel much better if I finish you off before that. Haha, after all, I should not leave behind any regrets. Don’t you agree?”
Lin Dong watched as the Third Seat King that had suddenly began to spout nonsense. A faint feeling of unease flashed across his heart for some unknown reason.
“This eye is called the Prison Devil Eye. It was bestowed to me by the emperor. Back then, I used it to launch a sneak attack against the Symbol Ancestor. I believe that you should be satisfied if you die at its hands, right?” The Third Seat King gently placed his hands together. The smile on his lips was exceptionally twisted. 
Lin Dong’s eyes stared at him in an indifferent fashion. However, he did not show any signs of replying.
“So boring.”
The Third Seat King’s lips involuntarily twitch after seeing Lin Dong’s unchanged expression. Soon after, frightening Demonic Qi swept out from within his body. The Demonic Qi was extremely thick, and it was even possible to see countless tiny crystal within it. This was a transformation that would only appear when Demonic Qi agglomerated to a frightening extent.
Buzz buzz.
Torrential Demonic Qi flowed into the arm of the Third Seat King, causing it to become as black as ink, while the evil eye on his palm emitted a deafening and sharp buzzing noise.
The evil ripple instantly grew countless times stronger.
The Third Seat King sinisterly smiled at Lin Dong. After which, the latter saw his arm wither at a frightening speed. Within a short couple of breaths, it looked as though the blood inside had completely vanished. There was only the evil eyeball left that had become increasingly ferocious and frightening.
Bang.
The arm of the Third Seat King suddenly exploded at this moment as the eyeball escaped from his palm. Demonic Qi surged as the eye swiftly swelled. In the short span of several breaths, it was already ten thousand feet in size.
The evil eyeball floated high up in the air while monstrous evil Demonic Qi unfurled. Meanwhile, a frightening fluctuation stealthily spread.
Lin Dong gazed upon the menacing giant evil eye, and the expression in his eyes turned a lot more grave as he felt the frightening fluctuations. He deeply inhaled a breath of air and with a clench of his hand, an ancient light formation flew out. The formation expanded and became tens of thousands of feet large.
The ancient formation rotated slowly as a pure and ancient power rippled outwards.
It was the true Ancient Universe Formation!
“Ancient Universe Formation huh?”
The Third Seat King frowned slightly. Soon after, he stared at Lin Dong and the giant evil eyeball slowly closed.
Rumble.
The Ancient Universe Formation started to revolve, and a unique curtain of light poured down. The Demonic Qi that filled the sky showed signs of being forced back. Only that evil eye remained unmoved. However, Lin Dong could vaguely sense a kind of annihilation like strength rapidly gathering.
Such power made one uneasy.
Huu.
Lin Dong breathed in deeply. A cold glint flashed in his eyes as his hands formed a seal. Mighty Yuan Power swept out. “Hand of the Universe!”
In the sky, the Ancient Universe Formation started to tremble violently. Strange light spread from it and turned into a giant hand tens of thousands of feet in size. The  giant hand was covered by ancient runes of light.
The hand reached forward, tearing across space as it viciously slammed down onto the eyeball.
“Ha ha.”
The Third Seat King smiled faintly and slowly shut his eyes. Black blood flowed out from the corners of his eyes, and as he shut them, the enormous evil eye suddenly opened.
The sky seemed to have suddenly darkened the moment the eyeball opened. Everyone could see the most evil ray of light erupt from within the eyeball. Finally, it clashed with the giant Universe Hand.
Sizzle!
The collision between the two did not lead to any terrifying fluctuations. The giant Universe Hand violently trembled as cracks appeared. With a bang, it was completely blasted apart by the beam of light.
The moment the Universe Hand was shattered, divine light suddenly appeared behind it and an incomparably huge Divine Palace appeared from out of nowhere. The Divine Palace stood in a towering manner like the home of the gods, a mighty and majestic sight.
Bang!
The evil ray of light that had penetrated the Universe Hand shot across the sky. After which, it once again viciously struck the majestic Divine Palace.
Rumble!
A loud buzzing sound resounded over the land.
The entire Divine Palace shook fiercely at this moment. A figure stood tall inside the Divine Palace; the lightning bow in his hand had been pulled into a full moon, while three colors emerged on the arrow nocked on it. Moreover, the vast and endless Mental Energy within the Divine Palace surged out at this moment and poured into the arrow.
Buzz.
This arrow vibrated as a torrential divine light exploded from it. The light seemed to suppress even the monstrous evil aura.
Lin Dong’s arm shook while fresh blood rapidly flowed from his hands. He gently shut his eyes as he slowly released his finger on the bowstring.





 Chapter 1295: Devil Emperor Avatar
Buzz!
The entire Divine Palace unleashed a clear buzzing sound the instant Lin Dong’s finger released the bow string. At the same time, tens of thousands of resplendent divine rays poured into the three colored arrow.
This arrow was the condensation of all the power within Lin Dong’s body.
Swoosh!
A streak of light shot out from the Divine Palace. The rays emitted at that very moment seemed to vaporize all the evil aura that permeated the sky.
Countless shocked eyes looked over. They watched as the streak of light shot out and violently clash with the incomparably evil light beam.
Boom!
An earth shaking sound appeared. The light was just like the slowly rising scorching sun. Endless Demonic Qi disappeared under its rays.
“Break!”
A hoarse voice slowly spread from within the Divine Palace. After which, everyone watched as faint cracks started to emerge on the evil light beam which could force back even a peak expert who had experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations.
Crack crack.
The evil light ray ultimately shattered under the streak of light. The light faded. However, the three colored arrow continued on with the same momentum, tearing through the sky and ruthlessly shooting towards the incomparably huge evil eye with lightning speed.
Ah!
An incredibly miserable cry suddenly emerged from the mouth of the Third Seat King. One could hear a shattering sound from his eyes. After which, they rapidly caved in and black blood began to frantically flow out. It presented an extremely horrifying sight.
Meanwhile, the giant evil eye rapidly shrunk. It ultimately turned into a speck of dim black light that shot back into the Third Seat King’s hand. However, the latter continued to cover his eyes with his hands while ferocious howls rang out from his throat.
The Divine Palace slowly disappeared. After which, it returned to Lin Dong forehead. His body appeared as his quivering hand wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth. This Third Seat King was vicious indeed. If it was not because Lin Dong’s strength had soared, together with the use of the Ancient Universe Formation, Divine Palace and the perfect merger of the three Ancestral Symbols into the arrow, it was likely that he would be the one screaming miserably now.
The miserable screech of the Third Seat King spread across the sky. Strangely however, the Devil Prison army below momentarily slowed when his terrible scream sounded. The battlegrounds in the sky also showed signs of pausing. However, this was only on the side of Devil Prison.
Lin Dong was startled when he discovered this strange scene. He looked at the Third Seat King, who was screaming in an unresigned manner, as uncertainty rose in his heart. Although the Third Seat King was gravely injured, he still had it in him to continue fighting. Why was he acting as though death was certain?
At the highest part of the sky, the Heaven Seat King dodged and pulled back. His clothes appeared a little tattered. This was evidently a result of his battle with Ying Huanhuan. He then looked at the miserably screaming Third Seat King. After which, he glanced at the bloody and brutal aura that permeated the sky. Suddenly, he smiled towards the nearby Ying Haunhuan, whose body was giving off a terrifying Cold Qi.
“Old three, I did not expect that you would actually be the first to be injured.” The Heaven Seat King turned his head, looked at the Third Seat King and smilingly said.
The miserable screech of the Third Seat King gradually came to a halt. His face was covered in black blood, an exceptionally terrifying sight.
The other upper echelons of Devil Prison also stared at the Third Seat King. Their expressions were somewhat strange and feverish.
“Tsk tsk, that’s right…” The Third Seat King wiped the black blood on his face as a strange laughter was emitted. He looked towards Lin Dong and said, “You are indeed impressive. Originally, I thought that we would have to fight for awhile longer. I did not expect to be so quickly injured by you.”
Lin Dong frowned. He looked at the somewhat strange Third Seat King group as unease flashed across his heart. After which, he shifted his gaze and exchanged a look with the Flame Master group, only to see that they were also frowning.
“The fight is not over. Isn’t it a little too early to cry?” The Thunderbolt Master laughed coldly.
“Ha ha, we have fought for so many years. Aren’t we already well aware of each other’s skills? We might not be able deal with all of you, but do you think it will be so easy to eliminate us?” The Heaven Seat King laughed.
“Ice Master has said that she is already tired of such an endless charade. Isn’t it the same for us? Therefore, we really wish to kill all of you this time around.”
“Can you do it?” The Life Death master mocked.
“What do you think?” A strange expression once again rose on the Heaven Seat King’s face. He smiled towards the Third Seat King and said, “Old three, since you have lost, you will be the one to open it.”
The Third Seat King smiled strangely and nodded after hearing this. After which, he sat down in the sky under the attention of countless pairs of eyes. His hands formed a seal as the black blood flowing down his face became even thicker.
An extreme feeling of unease spread.
A cold glint flashed across Lin Dong’s black eyes when he saw their unusual actions. Silver light flashed and he appeared in front of the Third Seat King like a phantom. The Ancestral Symbol scepter in his hand shot out and pierced towards the throat of the Third Seat King with lightning speed.
Puf!
The Ancestral Symbol scepter penetrated through the defences of the Third Seat King without any obstruction and shot out through the throat of the Third Seat King under the numerous gazes of disbelief. Black blood spluttered wildly.
The Third Seat King was killed?
A great uproar erupted from with the alliance army. However, no one was cheering. Everyone could feel that something was amiss.
How could this top expert of Devil Prison, who had once forced the eight Ancient Masters to fall into slumber or reincarnation, be killed with such ease?
“Ha ha.”
The Third Seat King lifted his head. His bloody face gave Lin Dong a hideous smile. Afte which, his body began to swell uncontrollably.
“This is bad.”
Lin Dong’s heart shook when he saw this. Silver light flashed around his body and he disappeared in a flash.
Bang!
The body of the Third Seat King suddenly exploded just as Lin Dong disappeared. Viscous black Demonic Qi and blood flew outwards, covering the entire sky in the process.
The liquid like evil Demonic Qi mixed with thick blood fell from the sky and landed on the ground below.
Lin Dong’s body appeared some distance away as a feeling of sweetness rose in his throat. Although he was quick to flee earlier, he was still hurt by the self-destruction of the Third Seat King.
“This fellow… actually self-destructed?”
Lin Dong appeared a little dazed as he watched the evil Demonic Qi spread over the place. He would never have imagined that this Third Seat King would actually choose to self-destruct. Just what were these fellows planning?
“Ha ha.”
The Heaven Seat King pursed his lips slightly as he observed this scene. After which, he smiled towards Lin Dong’s group. “Next, please take a look at our millennia long masterpiece.”
“I have long said that you will lose this world war this time.”
Rumble!
The land below suddenly began to tremble violently as the words of the Heaven Seat King faded. One could see the ground split apart and Demonic Qi spread. A demonic figure so huge that one was unable to see where it ended slowly stood up from the depths of the land.
The demonic figure climbed up from the endless abyss. Its head reached the sky when it stood on the ground. Demonic Qi pervaded the air. The figure appeared just like the emperor of the devils.
“This is…”
Lin Dong’s pupils rapidly shrunk as he gazed upon the demonic figure that was accompanied by a terrifying pressure. The demonic figure seemed to possess countless giant demonic arms. At the center of each hand was a tightly shut evil devil eye. These eyes were even more frightening than the evil eye on the hand of the Third Seat King.
“Devil Emperor Avatar?” Ying Huanhuan looked at the extremely frightening demonic figure. An endless chill surged from her pretty face as she slowly uttered each word with emphasis.
“Everyone, the feast has begun. Thank you for your cooperation.”
The Heaven Seat King smiled faintly. He stood in the sky and gently bowed towards the alliance army.
Bang bang bang!
Countless explosions sounded from the Devil Prison army as his words faded. Soon after, the countless experts of the alliance army watched as the Devil Prison army self-destructed one after another.
Dense Demonic Qi mixed with pieces of black flesh accompanied flew. Finally, they entered the Devil Emperor Avatar. Following the influx of this seemingly endless amount of Demonic Qi, blood and flesh, the evil eyes on the hands of the Devil Emperor Avatar opened one after another.
The world became darker with the opening of each eye.
Boom boom!
Explosions swiftly continued. The entire desert seemed to have turned into a sea of black liquid at this very moment. The alliance army hurriedly rose into the air. Their eyes were shocked as they observed this scene.
Monstrous Demonic Qi, along with the the bloody and brutal aura, created from the earlier battle, continued to enter the Devil Emperor Avatar, opening one eye after another.
However, it was not an easy task to open all of the eyes of this Devil Emperor Avatar. Not even half of the eyes on the Devil Emperor Avatar were opened even after the entire Devil Prison army had self-destructed.
“It is your turn.”
The Heaven Seat King looked at the other upper echelons of Devil Prison and softly chuckled.
Strange smiles surfaced on the Seated King’s face when they heard this. There was a fanatical look in their smiles. They quickly sat down and self-destructed in front of the eyes of the Ancient Masters.
Boom boom!
Terrifying Demonic Qi swept over the place, blotting out the sun. The expressions of the Ancient Masters were very grim. They had failed to kill these fellows after battling them for thousands of years. Yet, in less than half a day… all of them had chosen to self-destruct.
What were these fellows planning?
Torrential Demonic Qi, flesh and blood surged into the Devil Emperor Avatar, once again opening many evil eyes.
The Heaven Seat King stood alone in the sky as he smilingly looked at Ying Huanhuan. The strange expression on his face made one shudder.
“Activating the Devil Emperor Avatar can indeed allow you to possess a strength that is extremely close to the Yimo Emperor. However, such power will not remain for long. Even if you start the activation process, you will still be unable to succeed without the blood and flesh of the Yimo Emperor as a conduit.” Ying Huanhuan’s icy crystal like eyes stared at the Heaven Seat King as she slowly said.
“It doesn’t matter if all of us die here if we can eliminate you from this world. At the very least, the world will no longer be invaded by the Yimo in future.”
“Since that is so, we can be said to have won!”
The Heaven Seat King smiled faintly. “How virtuous. However… I’m afraid that the ones who have lost are you guys.”
The Heaven Seat King turned his head and looked to the distant east as he grinned, “Ice Master, do you still remember that the Symbol Ancestor had once cut off one of the emperor’s arm when sealing him?”
The expression in Ying Huanhuan’s eyes finally underwent a change when she heard this.
“Ha ha, you are correct. The arm of the emperor is still in this world of yours. In reality, you have already lost ever since the Symbol Ancestor ignited his Reincarnation to seal the emperor…”
“Your Symbol Ancestor ultimately cannot compare with our emperor.”
The Heaven Seat King knelt respectfully towards the east.
“Hand of the emperor, please take your position.”
While his words resounded over the sky, the land within the Unique Devil Region in the distant Eastern Xuan Region began to tremble. After which, the land crumbled, and a flood of Demonic Qi swept out. Demonic light pierced the ancient formation sealing the area. After which, it tore through the sky and rushed towards the Western Xuan Region.
An enormous white arm was vaguely visible within the black light. Meanwhile, an indescribable evilness engulfed the place.





 Chapter 1296: Devil Emperor Hand
Demonic aura churned and they nearly covered the entire sky above the desert. In fact, the entire Western Xuan Region was affected. Standing beneath the endless demonic aura, the devil avatar looked just like a destroyer that came from another plane. In fact, the evil ripples that it gave off caused the expressions of the alliance soldiers to change. 
Lin Dong and the rest were staring at this scene with an ugly expression on their face. All of a sudden, they turned their heads and looked towards the distant sky. At that spot, the sky had suddenly shattered before a frightening amount of demonic aura, that would cause one’s scalp to turn numb, swept out from within. Meanwhile, one could vaguely spot a massive white arm within the demonic aura. 
“Devil Emperor hand?!” The eyes of Ying Huanhuan’s group shrunk when they saw that massive pale hand.
This large hand was exceptionally pale. At a first glance, it even looked a little weak. However, this peculiar sight caused one’s heart to shudder instead. 
This was the arm of the Yimo Emperor, someone who had once forced the Symbol Ancestor to ignite his own Reincarnation!
“In the past, when teacher sealed the Yimo Emperor, that devil emperor arm was most likely not something that teacher cut off. Instead, it was something that the Yimo Emperor secretly left behind.” Ying Huanhuan clenched her hands before she slowly said.
The pupils of the Life Death Master’s group shrunk. Faintly, they were all bewildered. He was indeed deserving of the title emperor of the devils. In fact, even when he was being sealed, he actually managed to leave a secret move behind in preparation of making a comeback several millennia later.
The Heaven Seat King stared at the Devil Emperor hand, which had tore through space, with excitement in his eyes, before he bowed respectfully. Following which, his hand seals changed before that Devil Emperor hand rushed over and finally connected with the Devil Emperor Avatar.
Buzz!
The massive Devil Emperor Avatar emitted a deafening buzzing sound after the Devil Emperor hand merged with it. Immediately, monstrous demonic aura swept forward, while a frightening ripple was slowly being incubated.
This ripple had the same scent as the Yimo Emperor!
At this moment, the one tightly shut evil eye on the Devil Emperor Avatar was quickly opening up. Meanwhile, it was filled with ruthlessness and brutality, as if he was hell-bent on destroying this world.
“Haha.”
The Heaven Seat King laughed towards the sky. Meanwhile, his laughter was filled with pride as he said, “Once the Devil Emperor Avatar is formed, all of you will be like mere ants. Haha, this world has eventually fallen into our hands. I have actually accomplished what the emperor failed to do back then!”
“It’s too early to be celebrating!”
At this moment, frightening cold aura erupted. After which, layers of icy waves swept forward at a frightening rate in the sky, before they froze the monstrous demonic aura.
Ying Huanhuan was holding onto an ice spear in her hand, while a cold glint was glimmering within her pretty eyes. Following which, her body moved before she charged forward and directly rushed towards the Heaven Seat King. Cold aura gathered at the tip of her spear, and it looked as though it could even freeze time itself. 
“Haha, Ice Master, everything you are doing now is pointless.” 
The Heaven Seat King laughed heartily. However, he showed no intention of exchanging blows with Ying Huanhuan. Instead, his body moved before the demonic aura on his body erupted. Then, he actually retreated into the Devil Emperor Avatar’s large body before the both of them merged in a peculiar fashion.
“Rumble!”
The fearsome looking Devil Emperor Avatar grew by two folds after the Heaven Seat King merged with it. Meanwhile, the clouds were floating beneath him. In fact, as he swung his numerous devil arms, it looked as though he wanted to tear this world apart.
“Haha, I am currently in possession of strength that is nearly equivalent to the devil emperor’s. How can all of you possibly fight against me?” The Devil Emperor Avatar laughed loudly. His laughter was just like thunder and it caused the entire world to tremble. 
“Nine Levels Ice Mountain Prison!”
Ying Huanhuan’s hands formed a seal before she released a cold cry. Immediately, cold aura gathered wildly in the sky before they finally transformed into nine towering ice mountain prisons, which were so tall that they extended beyond one’s sight. Finally, they smashed down ruthlessly on the Devil Emperor Avatar.
“Haha.”
However, when he saw Ying Huanhuan’s all-out attack, the Devil Emperor Avatar laughed nonchalantly. He threw his devil arm forward, and it was accompanied by monstrous demonic aura as it smashed against the ice mountains. 
Bang!
The sky trembled. As the demonic aura surged, the towering ice mountains, which were so tall that they extended beyond one’s sight, were all smashed into pieces with a single punch.
Standing in the sky, Ying Huanhuan’s delicate figure shook. Following which, she quickly retreated. Meanwhile, she furrowed her brows as she stared at that massive devil avatar in the sky. At this moment, the latter indeed possessed strength that was nearly equivalent to that of the Yimo Emperor.
“What should we do now?”
The Life Death Master’s group came forward and asked in a deep voice. Clearly, they did not expect the situation to play out like this. 
“It is impossible to attain the strength of a Yimo Emperor simply by relying on such techniques.” Ying Huanhuan stared at the Devil Emperor Avatar before she said.
If they believed that they could possess the same strength as the Yimo Emperor simply by merging together, they would be undermining the strength of the Yimo Emperor. 
“It’s true that they are able to attain great strength by relying on this technique. However, this is not a stable method and there is no way that the Heaven Seat King can control this strength for long. Therefore, as long as we pester him continuously, it is likely that the Devil Emperor Avatar will collapse on its own soon.” Ying Huanhuan said.
The Life Death Master’s group nodded upon hearing this. However, they promptly frowned again. Currently, even Ying Huanhuan could not block the Devil Emperor Avatar. Therefore, whether their combined attacks could stop the Devil Emperor Avatar was still up in the air. 
“There is no other way. If we finish off the Devil Emperor Avatar, it is likely that the world will regain peace and this will be a genuine victory for us.” Ying Huanhuan said softly. Following which, she glanced at Lin Dong, who was standing behind her and had not spoken a word throughout, before she involuntarily clenched her icy cold hands. 
“We do not have much time left. Let me pester the Heaven Seat King first while he is still getting familiarized with the Devil Emperor Avatar’s strength. Meanwhile, all of you should gather your strength before launching your attacks at him!” 
Ying Huanhuan suppressed the chaotic emotions in her heart. After which, she ceased speaking. Promptly, cold aura surged beneath her feet before they turned into an ice lotus. Subsequently she sat down on it.
The temperature in this place suddenly plummeted. In fact, even the surging natural Yuan Power stiffened.
“Lotus Formation World.”
Ying Huanhuan tapped the empty space with her long finger. Immediately, her bright red blood transformed into glowing specks before they shot forward. Following which, when they landed on the ground, the ground was frozen instantly. Meanwhile, numerous massive ice lotuses sprouted forth. Moreover, huge vines, which looked just like dragons, whistled from within these ice lotuses, before they pestered the Devil Emperor Avatar from all directions and bound him.
Roar!
The Devil Emperor Avatar struggled. Meanwhile, those huge dragon like vines were slowly torn apart. However, soon after, an increasing number of vines came rushing over. At the same time, the frightening cold aura invaded the Devil Emperor Avatar and slowed its movements down significantly.
When the Life Death Master’s group saw this scene, they knew that they could not afford to slight the other party. Immediately, they turned their attention before they looked at Lin Dong and said solemnly, “Lin Dong, summon the Ancient Universe Formation. Then, ask every elite practitioner in the alliance army to pour in all their Yuan Power into the formation, and attack together with us!”
Lin Dong clearly knew the gravity of the current situation. Therefore, he did not utter any unnecessary words. Instead, a thought passed through his mind, before the Ancient Universe Formation expanded with the wind and enveloped the sky.
“All alliance soldiers listen up, pour all your strength into the Ancient Universe Formation. Those who are at the Reincarnation stage should attack together with us. Victory or defeat shall be determined by this one move!”
The Life Death Master’s juvenile but solemn voice echoed across the place. When they heard this, numerous alliance soldiers quickly clenched their fists before they cried out in response.
“Swoosh swoosh swoosh!”
Many figures rose into the sky before all of them appeared behind Lin Dong. They were all Reincarnation stage experts. However, despite their formidable peak level strength, they looked insignificant in front of the massive Devil Emperor Avatar.
Down below, amongst the alliance army, countless soldiers had sat down before their Yuan Power surged like ocean waves. Finally, they transformed into numerous pillars, before they poured into the Ancient Universe Formation in the sky.
“Let’s make a move too!”
The Life Death Master released a deep cry upon seeing this. Promptly, she shut both her eyes, before black and white Life Death Qi began to surge around her.
The Flame Master, Thunderbolt Master, Darkness Master and the rest also shut their eyes simultaneously. After which, the strength within their bodies was pushed to its limits.
“Big brother.”
Little Flame and a few others arrived beside Lin Dong. When they saw the Devil Emperor Avatar, a worried glint flashed across their eyes.
“There is no need to worry. Regardless of what happens, at the very least, we must fight it out with them.” Lin Dong smiled towards them and said.
“Are you alright?” Ling Qingzhu walked gently towards him and asked. After which, she used her bright pretty eyes to stare quietly at Lin Dong. This was because she saw the previous events that had taken place. Although Lin Dong might not show it on the surface, it was likely that his heart was not as calm as it seemed. 
“I’m fine.”
When Lin Dong saw Ling Qingzhu’s gentle and concerned eyes, he felt warmth in his heart. After which, he slowly shook his head. Then, he turned to look at Little Flame, Qingtan, Little Marten and the rest, before speaking, “Let’s make a move as well. This time around, if we fail, it’s likely that the world is doomed…”
“Aye!”
Everyone nodded solemnly before a determined glint flashed across their eyes. After all, at this juncture, there was no way they could retreat! 
A low roar was emitted from Little Flame’s throat, before purple-gold light erupted. Following which, his body swelled rapidly before he quickly turned into a hundred thousand feet tall giant. However, he was still lacking compared to the Devil Emperor Avatar.
“Let’s give it our best shot. You are the one who saved my life in the past. I am glad and satisfied that I got to live those extra years.” Little Marten patted Lin Dong’s shoulder, before a gentle looking smile, that was rarely seen, appeared on his handsome face. He looked at Lin Dong as he recalled that many years ago, he was merely a weak and tender young man who had brought along a demonic spirit, which could disappear anytime, and a foolish tiger. Following which, one man, one spirit and one beast began their long cultivation journey. After surviving numerous life and death situations together, who could have imagined that they were actually able to reach such heights.
“Don’t worry. There is no way I will let any of you die so easily.” Lin Dong softly said.
“I believe in you.”
Little Marten gave a faint smile. Then, he gave Lin Dong a big hug before he softly said, “Big brother.”
Following which, purple-black light swept out from Little Marten’s body, before he extended his hundred thousand feet large wings. Then, he rose into the sky before he pushed the strength within his body to its limits.
“Huff.”
Lin Dong looked at Little Marten before he gave a gentle smile. After which, he sat down in midair and formed a seal with his hands. Immediately, a strange fluctuation spread rapidly, before the land within a thirty thousand mile radius began to turn barren.
The Great Desolation Scripture had begun to reveal its frightening might at this moment!





 Chapter 1297: Protect It Myself
The desolation had begun to spread at a frightening rate on the desert below. After which, the originally dark black land begun to turn withered yellow in color.
Clearly, when Lin Dong executed the Great Desolation Scripture now, it was no longer merely for the purpose of absorbing the energy across the surface of the land. Instead, he was able to reach deep beneath the ground, before he drew all the energy within the land, just like a whale sucking on water. 
A rich scent of desolation spread from deep beneath the ground, before it finally spread thirty thousand miles away. If one looked from above, it seemed as though the entire desert was affected.
The land trembled continuously while waves of energy were being emitted. Finally, they gathered together and flowed towards Lin Dong. Meanwhile, everyone could detect just how frightening the energy contained within was.
Huu.
Lin Dong stared at this scene before he gently exhaled. However, his dark black eyes remained as calm as still water. Soon after, he gave a faint smile. 
This is not enough… 
Although the area of effect had nearly reached its limits, this was not the most terrifying aspect of the Great Desolation Scripture.  
Desolation does not seek to forcefully strip away all life. In fact, seeds of hope would always remain within desolation. Moreover, when spring arrives, the hidden seeds would burst forth and the place would became livelier than before. 
Desolation can lead to rebirth!
This brief comprehension began to spread within Lin Dong’s heart. After which, every expert around suddenly realized that the wild and violent energy coursing through the ground had suddenly became much gentler. Next, they promptly realized that emerald green spots had appeared on the withered yellow land. In fact, they were tiny sprouts and they began to grow at an alarming rate, before the entire place was covered with grass. 
In less than ten breaths, this massive desert had actually turned into an endless grassland. Meanwhile, a rich lifeforce spread.
“Please lend me all your strength once again.”
Lin Dong lowered his head before he looked at the endless grass plains and quietly muttered to himself. After which, the grass plains became barren once again. Following which, a frightening stream of energy began to converge with the terrifying energy that Lin Dong had obtained previously.
Rumble.
The land beneath where Lin Dong stood began to collapse at this moment. Countless glimmering liquid broke out from beneath the ground before they quickly surged upwards.
These liquid was created after the energy was agglomerated and compressed till its limits. In fact, they were so mighty and powerful that they would even secretly frighten a peak Reincarnation stage expert. 
Splash.
The liquid began to rise at an increasingly rapid pace. In the end, they transformed into a hundred thousand feet tall green water pillar, which shot out from the ground. Meanwhile, Lin Dong stood at the top of this water pillar.
Lin Dong had a grave expression on his face. Meanwhile, his arms began to liquify. After which, he cupped his hands together before a huge bow slowly formed in his hands.
However, this time around, that huge bow looked old and rustic. In fact, there was no light flowing on its surface. Nonetheless, it was still possible to detect an extremely frightening fluctuation radiating from it.
Lin Dong used his liquidized hand to slowly draw the bowstring. Following which, a clear and sharp screech echoed across the world. Then, the one hundred thousand feet tall energy water pillar seemingly rose like a water dragon, before it finally transformed into an emerald green arrow and sat on the bowstring.
Next, three Ancestral Symbols rose from Lin Dong’s palm. They entwined around each other before they flew into his arrow. The color of the arrow immediately became a brilliant and dazzling one. 
Buzz.
Following which, a divine light was emitted from between Lin Dong’s brows. Immediately, the Mental Energy within his Divine Palace also gushed forth before they charged into the arrow.
Roar!
Then, a few hundred thousand purple-gold dragon light tattoos whizzed out before they drilled into the arrow.
Warm white light also shot out before they transformed into an ancient symbol. Following which, the Ancestor Stone shook before waves of warm and pure energy gushed into the arrow.
The Great Desolate Tablet and Mysterious Divine Palace closely followed behind. Soon after, waves after waves of energy began to pour into the arrow.
Crack.
The space around Lin Dong began to shatter continuously. Soon after, his hand, which was holding onto the bow, began to erupt continuously. If not for the fact that both his arms had transformed into Ancestral Symbol hands, it was likely that they would have been forcefully blown apart by that frightening energy.
This arrow basically contained every power that Lin Dong could summon. In fact, even the corner of the Ancient Masters’ eyes twitched when they detected this fluctuation. 
At a short distance away from Lin Dong, Ling Qingzhu was sitting in midair. Meanwhile, there was no Yuan Power fluctuation around her body. Instead, only ultimate experts at Lin Dong’s level, could vaguely detect that in response to the probes and calls in her heart, a mysterious power was slowly descending into this world. 
Buzz.
Ling Qingzhu slowly lifted her jade like hand before she gently clenched it. Immediately, the space in front of her cracked before a thousand feet long sharp green sword slowly materialized. 
Flowing on the surface of this longsword, was power that originated from the mysterious Zenith, which left one both in awe and in fear.
At the same time, the Life Death Master, Flame Master and the rest had also unleashed their full strength. Instantly, many terrifying forces were gathered in the sky. In fact, it was likely that no one present would dare to claim that he could block this attack.
This was an attack that was made up of the most powerful attacks from every top expert in the world!
Although there was no longer a legendary man like the Symbol Ancestor, who could shoulder the burden on his own, at the very least, when everyone in the world put their hearts together and unite their forces, the power that they unleashed was something that could not be underestimated. 
Bang bang!
Meanwhile, the Devil Emperor Avatar seemed to have detected the frightening attacks being formed in this world. Immediately, he began to struggle at an increasingly intense pace. The huge dragon like ice vines, which were entwined and binding him, were quickly broken.
Ying Huanhuan clenched her silver teeth tightly. Meanwhile, crystal clear light continuously flowed within her pretty eyes as she pushed herself to her limits. After all, she knew that she must not allow the Devil Emperor Avatar to break free at this moment!
However, it was clear that the Devil Emperor Avatar was more powerful than Ying Huanhuan. Hence, even though she was giving it everything she had, with the passage of time, she began to feel increasingly powerless. 
“I will not allow you to go over.”
Ying Huanhuan stared at the Devil Emperor Avatar, who was struggling so violently that the surrounding space was shattered. Meanwhile, her voice was filled with unquestionable determination and an icy cold chill. Following which, she gently bit the tip of her tongue, before a stream of bright red essence blood spurted out. They lingered amidst the cold aura before they instantly transformed into an enormous blood red ice dragon. Finally, that ice dragon entwined around the devil avatar’s legs and firmly tied him down.   
After executing this attack, Ying Huanhuan’s face became increasingly pale. Clearly, this attack took quite a toll on her. 
Fortunately, her attack, which was launched in order to delay him, had achieved its critical objective. This was because by the time the devil avatar shattered the blood red ice dragon, the countless attacks in the sky were already well-prepared and ready to be unleashed. 
Ying Huanhuan looked at the countless experts standing in the sky behind her. At this moment, all of them had excited and maniacal expressions on their faces. Although they knew that they were at the most precarious moment, at times like this, being able to rely on one’s strength to protect the things that one cared about, would strengthen one’s will and resolve instead. 
“This time around, teacher is no longer around. Let us protect the world by ourselves.”
Ying Huanhuan stood up from her ice lotus, before she tilted her head gently. After which, she used her crystal like pretty eyes to look at a skinny figure standing right in front. Following which, an emotion, which had never appeared in her heart before, rose within her heart.
In the past, protecting the world was merely a duty that I had to complete. However, right now,… there is someone in this world that I want to protect from the bottom of my heart. Therefore, I cannot allow this world to be destroyed in your hands.
Her icy cold lips gently lifted into an extremely faint arc. Following which, Ying Huanhuan lifted her hand, before a crystal quickly gathered on the tip of her finger. Then, it swelled rapidly before it transformed into a massive ice lotus in a short moment. Meanwhile, there were faint traces of blood hovering within the ice lotus. Moreover, strange heartbeat sounds were actually being emitted from within. 
“Go.”
A gentle voice was emitted from Ying Huanhuan’s lips. After which, the ice lotus took the lead and rushed forward.
Bang!
The world seemingly began to collapse after her voice sounded. Behind her, countless all-out attacks streaked across the sky like meteorites. Together with a deafening rumbling sound, they whizzed across the sky before they smashed down towards the Devil Emperor Avatar from all directions.
At this moment, Ling Qingzhu gently pressed her finger against the empty air. Immediately, her huge sword, which was formed by the mysterious Zenith, shot forward before it headed straight towards the Devil Emperor Avatar with lightning like speed.
Roar!
Little Flame unleashed a furious earth shaking roar. Then, a purple-gold fist, which looked just like a fearsome tiger which could devour the heavens, charged forward.
Following which, a hundred thousand feet large crescent shot out from Little Marten’s hand.
The Life Death Master, Flame Master and the rest also released explosive cries. Their attacks, which had been brewed to their limits, tore through the sky before they swept forward in a grand and mighty fashion.
“Charge!”
In the sky, an ancient sound seemingly sounded within the Ancient Universe Formation. Following which, the ancient formation rotated violently, before a massive, ancient looking hand, which nearly covered the entire desert, extended from within. Then, it shattered through the void before it ruthlessly slammed onto the Devil Emperor Avatar 
Buzz.
When he heard the battlecries that echoed across the sky, Lin Dong’s heart, which was pounding wildly initially, began to calm down. Then, he stared at the Devil Emperor Avatar solemnly, which was filled with destructive force. Finally, he slowly released the tightly drawn bowstring in his hand.
Bang!
Just like a pebble falling into a pool of water, circular ripples spread immediately. Lin Dong’s liquidized hands suddenly exploded, before that ancient looking arrow trembled and flew forward.
It neither possessed frightening speed nor did it contain terrifying force. In fact, its quivering flight path caused one to question whether it could hit its target. However, amongst all the frightening all-out attacks in the sky, this ordinary looking arrow was actually the most eye-catching one.
Everywhere that arrow passed, all the other attacks would quietly moved aside in order to open up a path that would allow it to head straight for the Devil Emperor Avatar.
Swoosh!
The arrow eventually caught up with the ice lotus, which was right at the front. After which, a sword whistled from behind, before a thousand feet long sharp green sword appeared beside them. Finally, accompanied by the frightening attacks behind them, they rained down on the Devil Emperor Avatar’s enormous body. 
The color of the sky changed at this moment.





 Chapter 1298: Crack Between The Planes
Countless dazzling attacks flew across the sky like meteorites. Finally, they landed on the incomparably huge Devil Emperor Avatar. At that very moment, it was as if the entire world had collapsed.
Boom boom!
Terrifying energy ripples frantically spread outwards in a circular manner. The area within a hundred miles instantly crumbled at this moment, while waves of sand below towered over a hundred thousand feet as they rose and crashed. The position of the entire Western Xuan Region desert had been forcefully shifted.
The alliance army was also turned into an extremely miserable state. Countless experts were sent flying, and the original battle formation had completely disappeared. However, everyone ignored this. It was no longer possible to simply use numbers to make up for power on something as powerful as the Devil Emperor Avatar.
Ying Huanhuan, Lin Dong and the others in the sky had also been pushed back thousands of feet by the incomparably wild and violent energy ripples. Some of the Reincarnation stage peak experts involuntarily spat out a mouthful of blood. This scene was indeed rather spectacular.
However, all of them did not concern themselves with such matters at this point in time. Their eyes were focused intently on the middle of the desert. The wild and violent energy there had caused space itself to become distorted, and no one could clearly discern the situation inside.
The distortions lasted for a dozen minutes, before the yellow sand that permeated the sky gradually disappeared. Countless pairs of eyes also shot over at this moment.
Space gradually recovered, and a huge and seemingly endless demonic figure slowly appeared, before growing increasingly clear.
The Devil Emperor Avatar stood between the sky and earth. It was just like a destroyer from another plane.
“How is it fine?!”
Countless shocked exclamations suddenly erupted in the sky when they clearly saw it. The experts within the alliance army were terrified as they looked at the completely unharmed Devil Emperor Avatar. Even their faces had turned ashen.
The strongest attack which combined the powers of everyone here was actually unable to damage the Devil Emperor Avatar?
“How is this possible?!” Little Flame exclaimed. Although the Devil Emperor Avatar was frightening, it should not be possible for it to ignore their attacks.
Lin Dong narrowed his eyes and stared intently at the Devil Emperor Avatar. He quickly shook his head. “Those attacks have indeed been forcibly absorbed by it. However, that does not mean that they did not do any damage to it.”
Crack.
A faint cracking sound appeared after Lin Dong’s voice sounded. After which, everyone saw a tiny crack appear on the titanic body of the Devil Emperor Avatar.
Crack crack.
A chain effect seemed to have been created the moment this crack appeared. Countless cracks surfaced on the Devil Emperor Avatar and ultimately covered almost half of its body.
Ch.
Berserk light rays of destruction shot out from these cracks. Everyone could feel the frightening energy gathered within the body of the Devil Emperor Avatar.
However, such energy was clearly not something that the Devil Emperor Avatar could endure.
“Have we won?!”
The countless alliance army experts were stunned as they watched this scene. Their eyes still appeared a little dazed. They should have won given this situation, no? The Devil Emperor Avatar was currently just like a bomb, and no longer able to attack.
Lin Dong frowned slightly as he watched this scene. This Devil Emperor Avatar seemed to have intentionally absorbed all of their attacks into its body. By doing this however, the energy within its body had soared to a frightening level. Even the Heaven Seat King was no longer able to control it. Such an action was obviously suicidal.
However, was the Heaven Seat King really so foolish?
“Does he intend to take us along with him?” Ling Qingzhu arrived beside Lin Dong and softly said. Once energy of that level exploded, it was likely that half of the Western Xuan Region would be annihilated. Practically none of those present would be able to survive.
Lin Dong’s eyes flashed upon hearing this, and his heart became rather grave. If this was really the case, they would really suffer serious deaths and losses.
“Lin Dong, you and I should prepare our Spatial Power.” The Spatial Master looked over and said in a deep voice. He had also clearly thought of this possibility. There was already no time for everyone to flee. Only the two of them could protect some people while escaping.
Nevertheless… this was also fairly limited. After all, even if the both of them were to work together, it would be impossible to instantly teleport so many people here out of the Western Xuan Region. As such, there would still be terrible losses. They just did not have any other options at this point in time.
Lin Dong nodded as he sighed softly in his heart. All he could do was to try his best.
Ying Huanhuan stood at the front. Her pretty crystal like eyes stared at the crack covered Devil Emperor Avatar, that appeared as though it was the most frightening bomb, as her crescent moon like eyebrows faintly furrowed. A feeling of unease rose in her heart.
“Heaven Seat King, is this your final trump card? I have already stated earlier that I will eliminate all of your from this world, and let peace return. It will be worthwhile regardless of great a price we have to pay.”
“In this state, you have ultimately lost.”
“Ha ha…”
A deep laughter was once again emitted from within the Devil Emperor Avatar after Ying Huanhuan’s voice sounded.The laughter appeared a little crazy, while it also contained some fanatical long awaited anticipation.
Light flickered between the brows of the demonic avatar as the figure of the Heaven Seat King slowly appeared. Half of his body had reached out. He was in a mess as he looked at Ying Huanhuan’s group, but the smile on his face was rather strange, “Ice Master, do you really believe that you have already won?”
“What else can you do? I’m afraid that the current you will self-destruction if you move even a little.” Ying Huanhuan stated in an indifferent voice.
“Ha ha, that’s right, there is indeed nothing much that I can do now.”
The Heaven Seat King laughed, “Due to the Symbol Ancestor sealing the crack between the planes back then, we, the Yimo, that remained on this plane, have been trapped in here like prisoners. From the very beginning, I knew that we would ultimately lose if this continued for a long time. After all this place is your home territory.”
“Therefore, there is only one way to turn around such a situation.”
The pupils of Ying Huanhuan, Lin Dong and the others shrunk slightly, as the unease in their hearts grew even greater.
“That is…”
The expression on the face of the Heaven Seat King had become extremely heated and excited as he lifted his head. Those eyes of his seemed to have penetrated the heavens. “Destroying the seal between the planes, and allow my tribe to truly enter this world!”
“The seal was created from master igniting his Reincarnation. Forget about you, even the Yimo Emperor cannot destroy it. You must be daydreaming if you really plan to break it.” The Life Death Master laughed coldly.
“You are right. It is impossible for just us alone to even loosen the seal between the planes. Therefore… I needed to borrow your strength.” The Heaven Seat King clicked his tongue and laughed strangely. He pointed towards the crack covered Devil Emperor Avatar. The destructive force within it caused one’s scalp to turn numb.
“Currently, this Devil Emperor Avatar has not only gathered all the power of us from Devil Prison, but also all of your own…”
“I believe that this should be enough.”
The laughter of the Heaven Seat King suddenly became loud and maniacal, “Ha ha, I have to thank all of you for this. If it not for all of you, there will be no way for us to carry out this plan!”
The expressions of countless individuals became ashen at this moment. They finally understood that the Heaven Seat King did not plan on having a decisive fight with them from the beginning. The Heaven Seat King’s group had all along been ready to die in an attempt to borrow their power and damage the seal between the planes!
Once the seal was broken, the Yimo tribe would truly be able to invade. At that time, the ancient world war would once again descend upon this land. Back then, they had the Symbol Ancestor to turn things around. Now, without the Symbol Ancestor, it was impossible for them to protect this world from the invasion of the Yimo.
Even with the mental fortitude of Lin Dong and the Ancient Masters, the mere thought of this scene caused horror to flash across their eyes.
“Let us now observe the most spectacular scene in thousands of years!”
The Heaven Seat King laughed wildly. Everyone could see that the light on the enormous body of the demonic avatar become increasingly violent. It was clear that even the demonic avatar could no longer withstand this power.
Ying Huanhuan’s hand abruptly clenched tightly when she saw this, as an alarming chill spread from within her body. Soon after, she shot forward. Redness surged into her crystal like eyes as a bloody fog suddenly shot out from her body and filled the area.
“Great Ice World!”
The Cold Qi within the bloody fog swiftly surged out. Finally, it wrapped around the demonic avatar. One could hear cracking sounds as a blood-red ice prison that was hundreds of thousands of feet in size was formed from out of nowhere, completely engulfing the demonic avatar in the process.
Many ancient symbols surfaced when the prison was formed. It activated the power of sealing to the limit. As long as they trapped this demonic avatar, this destructive force would at most lead to the destruction of the entire Western Xuan Region. This scenario was many times better than damaging the seal between the planes.
“Ha ha, are you still planning on stopping me at such a time? Ice Master, you are far too naive!”
However, the Heaven Seat King let out a wild laughter in response to this final resistance of Ying Huanhuan. Subsequently, the ice prison shook. Countless demonic fists were thrown, smashing it into ice fragments that filled the entire sky.
Urgh.
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty face turned pale. A mouthful of blood was spat out, and her delicate figure took over a dozen steps back. Her soft figure now appeared extremely weak.
“Ha ha.”
The Heaven Seat King laughed loudly. After which, the seal formed by his hand changed. Everyone could feel an annihilation like force spurting out, as the cracks on the demonic avatar became increasingly obvious. In the end, it completely exploded in front of countless pairs of horrified eyes.
Bang!
This scene was as though ten thousand scorching suns were shining at the same time. The intense light engulfed the entire Western Xuan Region. Even the other three great Xuan Regions could see the light rising from the Western Xuan Region.
Swoosh!
Strangely however, this destructive force was not discharged in the Western Xuan Region. Instead, it turned into a huge light pillar that seemed to stretch into the horizon. It dashed through the clouds, penetrating the heavens as it headed straight for the distant seal between the planes.
“Ha ha, that’s right. I forgot to tell you something… his majesty has already escaped from the Symbol Ancestor seal. Once the seal between the planes is broken, his majesty will descend upon this world!”
“When that time comes, all lives in this world will become slaves of my tribe!”
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
The light pillar of destruction penetrated the heavens while the final crazy laughter of the Heaven Seat King rumbled across the Four Xuan Regions, Chaotic Demon Sea and Demon Region… 
Countless people lifted their heads in a dazed manner. They watched as the light pillar of destruction shot further and further away, while despair spread in their hearts.
Was the former Yimo Emperor going to appear again?
There was still the Symbol Ancestor to match him during that ancient era. But now, they no longer had the Symbol Ancestor. How could the world possibly withstand such a frightening existence?!





 Chapter 1299: Leaving a Way Out
The light pillar of destruction tore through the sky and flew into the distance. However, the entire world was still affected by the deafening rumbling voice left behind by the Heaven Seat King prior to his death. Moreover, that voice was filled with excitement and brutality.
In the ancient times, in order to win the great world war, the world paid an extremely frightening price. In fact, countless top practitioners died and the legendary Symbol Ancestor even had to ignite his Reincarnation in order to draw a close to the war. However, was the scene from before about to be re-enacted right now?
Standing in the desert, numerous individuals were staring at the sky with pale looking faces. Although they were unable to see beyond the sky, they could vaguely detect a scent filled with despair. After all, they knew that if the Yimo Emperor descended into this world, it was likely that there was no one who was able to stop him. 
Could it be that the countless living beings in this world would have to suffer the miserable fate of being enslaved by the Yimo tribe?
“Yimo Emperor… he has actually escaped from his seal…”
With a lost expression in their eyes, the Ancient Masters stared at the universe. Meanwhile, a trace of fear was actually present within their eyes. If they were only up against the Devil Prison, they still possessed some degree of confidence that they could exterminate their enemies. However, as of now, even their desire to fight was greatly extinguished.
This was all because of two words, “Yimo Emperor”. After all, they have been through the earth shaking ancient great world war, and they clearly knew just how frightening the Yimo Emperor was.
Lin Dong looked at the countless individuals, who had sunk into despair instantly, before he involuntarily clenched both his hands tightly. It seems like they have been played for a fool. All along, they believed that the Heaven Seat King and his gang were their final opponents. However, the latter and his gang had no intentions of fighting against them. Instead, their plan was both manical and terrifying. In fact, victory will definitely be theirs if they succeed. 
This was because there was no one in this world who could block the footsteps of the Yimo Emperor.
“Everyone, there is no need to be overly worried. Even if they use all their strength, the seal between the planes was created by teacher. Therefore, how can it be destroyed so easily?”
Just as the crowd sunk into despair, an icy cold voice suddenly sounded. Subsequently, everyone saw Ying Huanhuan rub off the trace of blood on the corner of her lips, before her crystal clear pretty eyes turned to look beyond the universe.
Ying Huanhuan formed a seal with her hands. All of a sudden, the cold aura in the sky agglomerated and transformed into a massive ice mirror. In fact, the ice mirror was crystal clear and it looked as though both the moon and sun were travelling past it. Finally, the image on the mirror slowly darkened, as if it was reflecting a dark and empty void. 
Within the dark void, the crowd gradually saw a towering, seemingly endless ancient formation. That formation looked extremely obscure and when one took a single glance, it caused one’s Yuan Power to boil. In fact, one’s Yuan Power nearly showed signs of going berserk. 
Many rays of light were stacked on top of each other, before they blocked everything behind that formation. However, the crowd was still able to vaguely spot a huge crack behind that formation. Moreover, that crack looked just like the mouth of an evil devil and there was endless evilness sputtering out from within. However, they were all firmly blocked by the ancient formation and could not invade this world.
“Is this… the seal between the planes left behind by the legendary Symbol Ancestor?” Everyone looked at this mighty formation within the dark void, before they muttered to themselves.
Bang!
Clearly, the scene reflected within this light mirror was the scene that took place previously. Therefore, the crowd promptly saw the light pillar of destruction streak across the dark empty void before it ruthlessly smashed against the ancient formation, just like hundreds of thousands of meteorites. 
Buzz!
Even though they were at a great distance away, everyone could feel the world tremble the instant the collision took place. In fact, all the natural Yuan Power in the world quickly fled and scattered. 
The crowd was staring intently at the ancient formation. Meanwhile, they felt as though their hearts had reached their throats. This was because the seal left behind by the Symbol Ancestor was their final hope. In fact, if this seal was really broken, then every living being in this world was doomed.  
After the light pillar of destruction collided with the formation, everyone saw a hundred thousand feet tall energy wave sweep out from within the seal like a thunderstorm.  
Meanwhile, an ancient glow erupted from within the seal at this moment. That light looked extremely obscure and they seemingly transformed into a glowing elderly figure, who was so tall that he extended beyond one’s sight. Following which, that large glowing figure swiped his enormous hand, before that destructive shockwave stealthily disappeared. 
“Teacher…”
When the Life Death Master’s group saw this elderly figure, they were momentarily stunned as they muttered.
Soon after, many destructive shockwaves continuously swept forward. However, they were repeatedly blocked by that glowing figure. In fact, it seemed like the two of them were in a stalemate. 
Everyone was staring at this stalemate with their hearts in their mouths. Meanwhile, unwittingly, their hands were all drenched with cold sweat.
Lin Dong was also staring intently at the scene reflected in the mirror, without even blinking his eyes. He had been to that place before. In the past, when he was refining the Spatial Ancestral Symbol, he had been to that place and he had personally experienced just how frightening the seal formation was.
Therefore, although the devil avatar’s self-destruction was also extremely terrifying, it was likely no simple feat to break the seal?
The stalemate continued for a long time. Subsequently, everyone saw that the light pillar of destruction was gradually weakening. Clearly, its strength was being slowly exhausted. 
Earth shaking cheers immediately erupted in the desert. Indeed, even though the Heaven Seat King used all his techniques, it was clearly easier said than done when it came to breaking the Symbol Ancestor seal.
Regardless, there was no way the Heaven Seat King could hold a candle to the Symbol Ancestor.
Nonetheless, when Lin Dong heard the earth shaking roars, he did not let his guard down. Instead, he continued to stare intently at the ice mirror. Meanwhile, as he stared at the ancient glowing light figure above the seal, an uneasy sensation suddenly surged within his heart.
Why was he feeling queasy? 
Lin Dong lifted his head and looked at Ying Huanhuan, only to see that she had clenched her jade like hands at this moment. Meanwhile, her face was filled with a solemn icy cold expression.
“Bang!”
While Lin Dong was feeling uneasy in his heart, the seal between the planes, which was reflected within the mirror, suddenly trembled violently. In fact, it seemed like a blurry diabolical figure had suddenly appeared behind the seal.
Swoosh.
The seal trembled with increasing intensity. Suddenly, a tiny black ray of light shot out from behind the seal, before it ruthlessly penetrated the area between the brows of the Symbol Ancestor glowing figure. 
All of a sudden, the cheers that filled the sky came to a halt. 
Countless individuals stared in shock at that seemingly inconspicuous attack, while their eyes were all filled with shock. Where did that attack come from? Moreover, how did it penetrate the seal between the planes?
“Yimo Emperor!”
Ying Huanhuan gritted her silver teeth, before icy cold aura immediately swept out from within her body. 
At the same time, the faces of the Ancient Masters had also turned pale. This was because they could detect a familiar fluctuation from that previous attack. In fact, it belonged to the Yimo Emperor.
Lin Dong was also staring at this scene with shock in his eyes. By taking advantage of the opening created by the Heaven Seat King, the Yimo Emperor had made his move. All along, were they planning on executing a pincer attack from both sides in order to destroy the seal between the planes?
In fact, it was likely that the Heaven Seat King knew from the start that they could not destroy the seal between the planes on their own. In fact, in order to accomplish this step, they would have to borrow the Yimo Emperor’s strength. 
Therefore, what they did was merely to create an opening and disrupt the seal. This would subsequently allow the Yimo Emperor to take advantage of the situation and find an opening to make his move!
However, how did he manage to time his attack so perfectly?! 
When he thought of this point, Lin Dong’s body suddenly trembled. Could it be that the Yimo Emperor was probing using his hand? In fact, could it be that thousands of years ago, when the Yimo Emperor was being sealed, he had already predicted what would happen today? Was that why he decided to rip off one of his own arms and use it as a mole in order to prepare for his comeback in the future?
He was actually this intelligent and scheming?! In fact, he even managed to predict what would happen thousands of years in the future?
Lin Dong’s body was trembling gently. What a terrifying foe… 
“Yimo… Emperor?”
Countless experts from the alliance army looked at the ice mirror with a pale expression on their faces. At that spot, the ancient glowing figure was slowly fading away. Clearly, after it was penetrated by that tiny black ray of light, it had broken the perfect equilibrium of the seal.
“Lord Symbol Ancestor!”
Countless experts stared at the fading ancient glowing figure, before they involuntarily knelt down. Following which, roars echoed across the sky. After all, they knew that if their final line of defence was broken, the entire world would be completely exposed to the Yimo’s fangs!
Lin Dong heard the roars that echoed across the sky. Their voices were all filled with grief, fear and despair. In fact, it felt as though doomsday was about to arrive. 
Standing in the sky, Ying Huanhuan clenched her jade like hands tightly. Meanwhile, her silver teeth were biting her red lips and there was even a trace of blood seeping out.
Meanwhile, the Life Death Master’s group had completely pale faces. 
The ancient glowing figure became increasingly faint. However, just as he was about to disappear, emotions suddenly flashed across his hollow looking eyes. As he turned to look at the ice mirror, a smile appeared on his elderly face.
“There is no need to despair.”
His elderly voice, which seemingly originated from far beyond the sky, reverberated through the world in a leisurely fashion. Immediately, that voice caused countless individuals to tremble, before all of them lifted their heads in shock and stared at the ice mirror. 
“Teacher!”
The Life Death Master’s group also had shocked expressions on their faces. They stared at the elderly glowing figure in the ice mirror, who was about to disappear, before they suddenly knelt down.
Ying Huanhuan lifted her pretty face before she stared in shock at that glowing figure.
“My disciples. The Yimo Emperor might have left a hidden move in this world, but the same can be said for me. My hidden move is all of you… I believe that in the next great world war, all of you will be able to protect the things that you care about.”
The eyes of the light figure seemingly penetrated through space and time, before he locked his eyes on Ying Huanhuan.
“Bing'er, when there is something in this world that you wish to protect from the bottom of your heart, that is when you shall come to possess real strength. In the past, when I saw you for the very first time, I knew that you possess such strength.” 
“Haha, this time around, we will have to rely on you. Please don’t blame teacher for casting such a heavy burden on you.”
The ancient glowing figure gave a warm smile. After which, he vanished completely and only the incomplete seal between the planes stubbornly remained behind.
Ying Huanhuan stared at the glowing figure, who had disappeared, before some crystal like tears rolled down her pretty face. Following which, she gently wiped them off before she seemingly smiled to herself.
“Teacher, you can be rest assured. Your disciple knows what has to be done.”
She was standing in the sky, while her long crystal like hair danced with the wind. At this moment, she looked so heart-achingly frail.





 Chapter 1300: Decision
Wild gales blew across the large desert, while yellow sand permeated the place. Meanwhile, countless powerful experts from the alliance army had pale expressions on their faces as they stared at the huge ice mirror in the sky. As of now, although the seal between the planes was still reflected in the ice mirror, as the ancient glowing figure slowly disappeared, it was clear that the main backbone of the formation would gradually weaken. 
After its backbone was broken, was the seal between the planes still able to block the Yimo Emperor, who had already escaped from his own seal?
In fact, once the seal between the planes breaks, and the Yimo Emperor descends into this world once again, was there anyone in this world who could stop him?
Countless individuals had pale expressions on their faces, while their eyes were all filled with despair. Was this the end result of all their hard work?
Standing in the sky, when the Life Death Master’s group saw this scene, all of them sighed quietly. After which, they lifted their heads, before they looked at the delicate and alluring figure in the sky. Currently, she was standing in the sky, while her crystal long hair was dancing with the wind. At this juncture, she was most likely the only one who could possibly reverse the situation.
Perhaps it was because they had detected where the Life Death Master’s group had directed their attention, countless experts from the alliance army also began to turn their heads, before they focused their attention on Ying Huanhuan. After all, based on the words left behind by the Symbol Ancestor before he vanished, it was clear that the key to turning things around lied with the legendary Ice Master.
Perhaps she was the only one who had the ability to turn the situation around, and save every living being in this world from the miserable fate of being enslaved by the Yimo. 
Lin Dong looked at the countless pairs of eyes that had turned towards Ying Huanhuan, before he realized that their eyes were all filled with anticipation and hope. It was the only glimmer of hope that they could see amidst the despair.
However, the weight of everyone’s expectations and hope had seemingly created an invisible and massive pressure. This pressure was as heavy as a mountain and it was pressing heavily on her tender shoulders.
Lin Dong stared at the lovely figure standing in the sky, before his heart began to ache. Promptly, he clenched his teeth gently before he turned his head. 
Standing in the sky, while she was being stared at by countless individuals with hope in their eyes, Ying Huanhuan slowly lowered her head. However, she did not look at these people, who were now regarding her as the savior of the world. Instead, all she did was to look at Lin Dong.
Lin Dong was looking into the horizon and it seemed as though he had not detected her actions.  
However, she showed no signs of turning away. Meanwhile, countless individuals in this place were shocked as they turned to look at Lin Dong in bewilderment. Clearly, they could not fathom the relationship between the two of them.
The stalemate between the two of them continued for a long time. Finally, Lin Dong curled his lips, before he turned around and looked directly at Ying Huanhuan. Meanwhile, the latter’s crystal clear eyes were quietly staring at his. In fact, it seemed as though there was an extremely complicated emotion flowing within them. 
However, when Lin Dong saw her eyes, he felt a flash of uncertainty within his heart.
“Currently, the Yimo Emperor has broke free of his seal and he is eyeing this world from outside the crack between the planes. However, if the Yimo Emperor wants to destroy the seal left behind by teacher, he would need at least a year to do so.” Ying Huanhuan’s voice reverberated through the sky, causing everyone to rejoice while fretting at the same time.
They were rejoicing because they still had one year left. However, they were fretting over what would happen after one year.
“As of now, the alliance army is of little use. If we want to stop doomsday from arriving in one year’s time, there is only one solution.” Ying Huanhuan lowered her pretty eyes before she softly said, “That’s to create another Symbol Ancestor.”
Countless experts were speechless when they heard this. After all, everyone knew that the calamity could be avoided if there was another Symbol Ancestor. However, how could it be so easy to reach the Symbol Ancestor’s cultivation level?
Lin Dong stared intently at Ying Huanhuan, while the uneasy sensation in his heart slowly intensified.
“Next, I will activate all the energy in this world, join forces with the Ancient Masters, the eight great Ancestral Symbols, nine ancient divine objects…” Ying Huanhuan suddenly clenched her hands and shouted. Meanwhile, her icy cold voice sounded sterner than before. 
“Assist me in becoming an Ancestor!”
Uproar.
An earth shaking commotion promptly erupted within the alliance army. In fact, rich and dense shock promptly surged out from within their eyes. However, soon after, wild and unrestrained joy began to climb onto their faces. If Ying Huanhuan was truly able to advance to the legendary Ancestor stage, wouldn’t that mean that there would be a second Symbol Ancestor in this world?!
The Life Death Master’s group was in shock as they stared at Ying Huanhuan. Was she finally going to mobilize that power in an attempt to break into the Ancestor stage? 
“Attempting to break into the Ancestor stage…”
When Lin Dong heard Ying Huanhuan’s words, waves were also stirred within his heart. In fact, it was a long while later before he finally calmed down. After which, he clenched his teeth and said, “What are the odds that you will successfully break into the Ancestor stage? Moreover, what will happen to you if you fail?”
Ying Huanhuan used her crystal like pretty eyes to look at Lin Dong before she replied, “Thirty percent. If I fail… my Reincarnation will shatter and I will perish.”
Immediately, the joyous atmosphere in the desert froze. Thirty percent? Why was it so low? Countless experts looked at each other, before they promptly gave a bitter laugh. It seems like they were overly optimistic. After all, how could it be so easy to advance to the Ancestor stage? In fact, even a legendary figure like the Ice Master only had such a low chance of success.. 
Moreover, the consequences should one fail were far too horrifying… 
Lin Dong stared intently at Ying Huanhuan. This was something that he had anticipated. However, he still felt that something was amiss. Hence, he hesitated for a moment before asking, “What happens if you succeed?”
Ying Huanhuan’s crystal like eyes seemingly shrunk at this moment, before she said, “If I succeed, it means that I have succeeded. What more do you want to know?”
“Life Death Master, may I ask if she is telling the truth?”
Lin Dong looked at the Life Death Master’s group and asked. The latter hesitated for a moment, before she sighed quietly and said, “Little junior sister, at this juncture, there is no longer a need to hide it from him. If you fail in your attempt to break into the Ancestor stage, your Reincarnation will be shattered. However, if you succeed, it is likely that all your emotions will be frozen as well. In fact, teacher mentioned this before, that you are different from the rest of us.”
“Indeed.”
Lin Dong involuntarily clenched his fists while a trace of fury flashed across his eyes. Following which, he stared intently at Ying Huanhuan before he chuckled, “How noble of you.”
Putting it in this way, regardless of the outcome, there would be no happy ending. Why was this woman always behaving like this!
When Ying Huanhuan saw the fury burning within Lin Dong’s eyes, she did not back away as she continued to stare back at him. Meanwhile, there was unquestioning determination within her eyes. 
This staredown lasted for a moment, before Lin Dong’s expression suddenly lightened up. This was because he could see the helplessness and hesitation hidden beneath her determined exterior. Therefore, he softened his voice and asked, “Can it be someone else?” 
“Is there anyone else that is a better candidate than me?” Ying Huanhuan’s crescent like eyebrow lifted haughtily before she asked.
“Currently, I am a pretty decent candidate, right?” Lin Dong clenched his teeth and said.
Indeed, as of now, he had advanced to the Divine Palace Master level. Perhaps, he was a little weaker than Ying Huanhuan. However, as of now, there was no way he would lose out to any of the other Ancient Masters.
“No way!”
Ying Huanhuan straightened her crescent shaped eyebrows, before she rejected him without hesitation.
“You!” Lin Dong became outraged as he cried out, “Are you really itching to become the savior of the world?”
“This is my destiny.” Ying Huanhuan softly replied.
Lin Dong clenched his hands tightly. Meanwhile, his body was trembling as he stared at Ying Huanhuan. A long while later, he suddenly inhaled a deep breath of air, before the expression on his face became a lonely and downtrodden one. His voice was a little hoarse as he said, “Is this your final decision?” 
It is obvious that I currently possess the qualifications. Why must you insist on acting this way? 
When Ying Huanhuan saw Lin Dong’s downtrodden expression, she involuntarily clenched her jade like hands, before she gritted her teeth and slowly nodded her head.
Lin Dong gave a faint smile. Meanwhile, there was lethargy in his smile, which could not be concealed. Promptly, an indifferent expression appeared on his face as he said, “In that case, good luck.” After he spoke, he turned around and prepared to leave. 
“Wait. During the final stage, I will require the strength of the Ancestor Stone and the Ancestral Symbols. I hope that you can control them and assist me.” When Ying Huanhuan saw Lin Dong turning around to leave, a bitter sensation gushed into her icy cold heart. However, she forcefully suppressed her emotions before she promptly spoke up. 
Lin Dong’s body trembled gently. He turned around before he stared at Ying Huanhuan lethargically. Right now, up against his gaze, even Ying Huanhuan did not dare to meet his eyes head-on. Instead, she gently averted her eyes.
“Can I ask you one final question?”
“Go ahead.”
Lin Dong slowly clenched his fist. Then, he stared at Ying Huanhuan before he articulated every word clearly, “Right now, are you the Ice Master or Ying Huanhuan?”
Ying Huanhuan descended into silence. 
Countless experts within the alliance army looked at the both of them. Clearly, they realized that there was a complicated relationship between the two of them. They turned to look at each other though they did not dare to speak up.
Lin Dong looked at Ying Huanhuan, who had descended into silence. As if he came to a sudden comprehension, he gave a faint smile before he said, “It’s just as well. Allow her to remain in my heart then. Thank you.”
After he spoke, Lin Dong flicked his arm. Immediately, three ancient symbols shot out from within his body and flew towards Ying Huanhuan. Finally, a trace of blood flashed across Lin Dong’s finger, before he gently drew a line in midair. 
As that blood line was drawn, the three Ancestral Symbols suddenly shook violently. Faintly, buzzing noises erupted while an unwilling emotion spread.
Cough.
Lin Dong covered his mouth and coughed. A trace of blood had actually appeared on the corner of his lips, while his face had also became much paler. It turns out he was actually unilaterally severing his connection with the three Ancestral Symbols.
“Lin Dong!”
“Brother Lin Dong!”
“Big brother!”
Ling Qingzhu, Qingtan, Little Flame and the rest had a drastic change in their expressions when they saw this.
Lin Dong waved his hand, before he once again jerked his arm. Following which, the Ancestor Stone, Great Desolate Tablet and Mysterious Divine Palace shot out. Finally, he spoke in a faint voice, “Go and help her.”
“Lin Dong, you…” Yan appeared in a flash. He looked at Lin Dong before he said anxiously.
Lin Dong smiled and said, “There is something that I must do as well and I’m afraid that I cannot be in two places at once. Hence, this is the only way.”
“What are you going to do?” Yan quickly asked.
 
“Pass the Reincarnation Tribulations.” Lin Dong softly said.
Yan was stunned. He looked at Lin Dong’s expression before an uneasy sensation suddenly surged, “Pass the first Reincarnation Tribulation?”
Lin Dong smiled and shook his head, before he replied, “All three of them.”
Yan was stunned. Meanwhile, standing in the sky, Ying Huanhuan, who was staring in shock at the three Ancestral Symbols in front of her, suddenly trembled.
“Lord Ice Master, I hope that you will succeed. Since there is nothing left for me to do, I will be making a move first.”
Lin Dong cupped his hands towards Ying Huanhuan. After which, he did not linger on. His body moved before he transformed into a ray of light and flew swiftly out of the Western Xuan Region.
Qingtan, Ling Qingzhu, Little Flame and Little Marten quickly followed behind upon seeing this.
Countless individuals were speechless when they saw this development. Clearly, they did not understand why things had developed until this stage. 
Ying Huanhuan extended her icy cool long hand, before she grabbed the three Ancestral Symbols, Ancestor Stone and the other divine objects. Her crystal like pretty eyes were a little absent-minded as she looked at the man, who was disappearing into the horizon. Suddenly, a terrible sensation rose within her heart, and it caused her to bite her red lips. In fact, traces of crimson red blood began to seep forth.
While she was being stared at by countless onlookers, she gently lifted her pretty face before she used a voice, that was only audible to her, and muttered to herself. 
“I have always been lying to you… sorry… truly, I deserve to be hated…”





 Chapter 1301: Qingyang Town
The decisive fight with the Devil Prison came to an end because of the Heaven Seat King and his men’s maniacal move. However, the threat to the world did not vanish after the Heaven Seat King and his men disappeared. Instead, everyone sunk into greater despair. This was because the seal between the planes had already lost its equilibrium. Moreover, the most frightening aspect was that the Yimo Emperor, who was once completely sealed after the Symbol Ancestor ignited his Reincarnation, had actually broke free of his seal. Furthermore, the latter was currently waiting with ill-intent outside the seal between the planes, preparing to once again descend into this world.
At that time, a true calamity would unfold. 
The three great alliance army withdrew from the Western Xuan Region. Other than the top experts, the remaining members of the alliance army went back to where they came from. This was because the alliance army had already lost its purpose at this moment. After all, if the Yimo Emperor once again descended into this world, and they failed to produce a second Symbol Ancestor, regardless of how large the alliance army was, they could not salvage the situation. After all, up against a creature like the Yimo Emperor, the difference between them could never be breached with numbers. 
As the three great alliance army withdrew, the events that unfurled within the Western Xuan Region quickly spread across the entire world. Immediately, countless individuals were bewildered. They lifted their heads and stared at the universe. Faintly, they were able to detect that a destroyer was slowly approaching them from the distant void.
A stifling pressure, which could not be described with words, enveloped the entire world.
Countless individuals lived in fear because of this. However, they were not in complete despair. This was because they knew that the legendary Ice Master was doing her best to break into the Ancestor stage. If she was able to do so, this world would be saved once again.
Amidst the despair, this was the final glimmer of hope that every living being in this world depended upon.
　　……
After Lin Dong left the Western Xuan Region, he headed back to the Great Yan Empire. After so many years, this was the first time he felt so lethargic. In fact, he felt so lethargic that he neither returned to the Lin Clan nor Dao Sect.
Standing in the sky above the Great Yan Empire, Lin Dong pondered for a moment before he headed towards the western part of the Great Yan Empire. Soon after, many mountains flashed past beneath him, before a bustling small town finally appeared in his sight.
This was not a huge town. However, it vaguely gave off a familiar sensation. This sensation caused a special emotion to rise within Lin Dong’s lethargic heart. 
This was Qingyang Town, the place where he was born and brought up in.
A thought passed through Lin Dong’s mind before he appeared within the town immediately. A bustling crowd was accompanied by rowdy noises as it spread. Meanwhile, Lin Dong slowly walked amongst them. However, this seemingly bustling crowd posed no obstacle to him.
After so many years, this town had changed tremendously. However, relying on his memories, Lin Dong was still able to locate some familiar places. He was in a trance like state as he walked along the street. After which, he suddenly realized that a fragrant smell had appeared beside him. He turned his head and saw a white dressed, gorgeous fairy like beauty, Ling Qingzhu, walking quietly beside him. Meanwhile, when she saw him turning his head, a faint smile appeared on her stunning face.
“Are you alright?”
Ling Qingzhu spoke softly. Meanwhile, this was the first time she ever spoke in such a soft and gentle tone. After all, after so many years, this was the first time she ever saw Lin Dong in such a lethargic state. This fellow had always maintained a sharp and formidable demeanor. Regardless of the dangers that he faced, he would charge forward fearlessly. In fact, even if he was beaten by others until he fell to his knees, he would still wipe off the blood and stand up once again with a vicious expression in his eyes. Moreover, though everyone witnessed his outstanding accomplishments, they forgot about the effort that he had put in to accomplish them. 
He had encountered one powerful foe after another. However, he was always the last man standing.
Lin Dong nodded gently. However, he was still feeling upset. Ling Qingzhu gently bit her lips when she saw this. Subsequently, she extended her long delicate hand before she grabbed Lin Dong’s hand. After which, she locked her fingers with his, before she held tightly onto his hand.
Lin Dong was slightly startled. In fact, he realized that Ling Qingzhu’s delicate body had stiffened momentarily. After all, the latter had a cold and prideful demeanour. Moreover, she typically preferred to hide her emotions within her heart, and quietly endure the bitterness and sweetness without mentioning it to others. Therefore, it was a rarely seen sight for her to voluntarily take the initiative.
Lin Dong sighed. When he saw that Ling Qingzhu was willing to set aside her pride in order to comfort him, he felt warmth in his heart. Promptly, he stared at her before he softly said, “I’m sorry.”
He had received a rejection from someone else, yet she had to be the one to set aside her ego and take care of him. This was clearly unfair towards her. However, she had always been this way. Willing to quietly endure and accept everything; she was so heartachingly tough.
“There is no need to apologize.” Ling Qingzhu shook her head and said.
“Let’s go. I will show you my Lin Family manor.”
Lin Dong grinned. He held Ling Qingzhu’s hand before he relied on his memories and walked towards his Lin Family manor. It was not the Lin Clan. Instead, it was the Lin Family. A small branch family. Yet, this was the place which he treasured the most.
Ling Qingzhu nodded gently, before she gave a sweet and gentle smile, which made hundreds of blooming flowers pale in comparison.
The both of them walked across the street. After which, Lin Dong stopped. With shock in his eyes, he stared at the sight in front of him. This was the intersection between a couple of streets. However, this place was currently a little chaotic. From the looks of it, it seems like two factions were fighting. The sound of fist meeting flesh was accompanied by sharp miserable screeches.
Lin Dong looked at the group in front of him. There was a fearsome looking young man holding onto a wooden rod, before he swung it towards the group standing opposite him. His ferocity intimidated the others and no one dared to stop him. 
Lin Dong looked at this somewhat familiar looking young man, before he became a little absent-minded. Eventually, he managed to dig him out from his memories.
Raging Blade Dojo, Wu Yun.
This young man seemed to be quite powerful as he managed to deal with most of the opponents on his own. After which, he patted his hands in a pleased fashion before he tossed away the wooden rod in his hand. Then, he smilingly said, “How dare you offend my Raging Blade Dojo in Qingyang Town? You must have a death wish.” 
“Please, do you really think that your Raging Blade Dojo is the strongest faction in Qingyang Town?!”
“Do you have any objections?” Wu Yun widened his eyes as he cried out.
“Have you forgotten about the Lin Family in Qingyang Town?!” That man coldly snorted.
Wu Yun’s expression stiffened. He cried out angrily in embarrassment, “What do you know? I wonder which corner you were hiding at when I joined forces with Lin Dong to deal with the minions from the Xie Family and the Lei Family!” 
Right after his voice sounded, a soft laughter sounded from a short distance away. Wu Yun immediately turned his head angrily as he prepared to mess with the guy who actually dared to mock him.
However, when he turned around, he immediately saw a black clothed young man as well as a stunning beauty, who was so beautiful that it caused everyone around her to lose their breath, standing at the front of the street.
“You…” Wu Yun became a little absent-minded due to Ling Qingzhu’s stunning looks. However, he quickly recovered his senses. Immediately, his eyes widened as he stared at the black clothed young man. His finger was trembling in shock as he pointed at the latter and said, “Lin… Lin Dong?”
Instantly, the originally noisy street became completely silent. Many disbelieving pairs of eyes turned to look at that black clothed young man. Was he the legendary Lin Dong from the Lin Family?
The crowd slowly focused their attention on him. Finally, the disbelief in their eyes gradually disappeared before wild heat surged. After all, was there anyone in the Great Yan Empire who did not know who Lin Dong was? Moreover, this legendary man had actually came from their Qingyang Town!  
When he saw their fervent expressions, Lin Dong cupped his hands together and smiled towards Wu Yun. After which, he grabbed Ling Qingzhu’s hand and walked towards the other side of the street.
The crowd was staring at his back and no one dared to walk up to him. In fact, even Wu Yun was scratching his head, before he punched the chest of the person standing beside him with excitement and said, “Did you see that? Lin Dong actually greeted me. God damnit. How many times have I told you guys before… He has actually returned to Qingyang Town. I must go and pay him a visit later on!”
“Ouch, boss. Please be gentler.”
　　“……”
Compared to most other places, the area outside the Lin Family manor was much more peaceful. After all, most Lin Family members had moved to the Lin Clan. In fact, hardly anyone remained behind in this old manor in Qingyang Town.
Nonetheless, the moment Lin Dong showed up at the front door, a servant cleaning the courtyard immediately realized his presence. The latter was promptly stunned for a moment, before he quickly took off. Immediately, his loud cries echoed across the entire Lin Family.
“Young master Lin Dong has returned!”
The originally quiet and peaceful Lin Family immediately erupted into an uproar before many individuals came flooding forth. Meanwhile, their eyes were all filled with excitement and joy as they looked at the tall young man walking in from the front door.
“Dong’er!”
Suddenly, the large group split apart, before a middle-aged man with some white hair, ran forward with an excited expression on his face.
“First uncle.”
Lin Dong looked at this middle-aged man, before he quickly walked forward and supported him. This person was his first uncle, Lin Ken. Over all these years, he had stayed behind in Qingyang Town to guard their old manor.
“Little fellow, you have finally returned. I thought that you have forgotten about this place.” Lin Ken looked much older than before. However, when he looked at Lin Dong, his eyes were filled with joy. Although he had stayed behind in Qingyang Town, he had still heard about the numerous deeds accomplished by Lin Dong after he left. After all, he was the pride of their entire Lin Family.
Lin Dong felt a little emotional in his heart. Then, he looked at Ling Qingzhu, before he scratched his head and said, “This is my first uncle. You can also address him in this way.”
A flush swiftly appeared on Ling Qingzhu’s stunning face. After which, she bowed towards Lin Ken and said, “Greetings, first uncle.”
“Haha, you must be Qingzhu, am I right? Not bad. Lin Xiao has already told me about you. Haha, it seems like Lin Dong has really good taste.” Lin Ken smilingly nodded. He observed Ling Qingzhu for a moment, before his eyes were filled with satisfaction. After all, even across the entire Eastern Xuan Region, there were hardly any ladies that could match up to Ling Qingzhu in terms of looks and demeanor. In fact, no one in Qingyang Town had ever saw such a stunning beauty before. This was evident from the fact that there were numerous young men secretly peeping at her with heated eyes.
“It’s good now that you are back. Your room has always been kept clean. Do you want me to ask someone to take you over?”
Lin Dong shook his head. He chatted with Lin Ken for awhile before he led Ling Qingzhu and walked towards the back mountain. After they left, no one cared about this back mountain and it was now overrun with wild weeds. When a gentle breeze swept past, the wild grass and flowers scattered across the mountain would dance gently with the wind. 
Meanwhile, there were numerous houses located in this back mountain. Although they were simple looking houses, they were kept clean and tidy. Lin Dong walked to the front of a house. After which, he stared at the wooden pillars that were stuck deep in the ground. In fact, he could vaguely see various palm imprints on these wooden pillars.
When Lin Dong stood in front of these wooden pillars, he became a little absent-minded. He recalled that many years ago, regardless of rain or shine, a skinny tender young man would bitterly practice a simple martial arts over and over again in this place. At that time, all he wanted to do was to become stronger and seek justice for his father… 
Perhaps that naive young man from before would have never imagined that one day, he would become one of the top experts in this world.
However, so what if this was the case?
Lin Dong slowly shut his eyes. Meanwhile, his face was plastered with fatigue.
For the next few days, Lin Dong stayed in Qingyang Town and showed no signs of leaving. Moreover, each day was spent in an exceptionally peaceful manner. He would merely take a leisurely stroll in the peaceful back mountain, while Ling Qingzhu quietly tagged along.
Lin Ken seemed to have detected Lin Dong’s emotional state of mind as well. Therefore, he rejected everyone who had showed up to visit him, and did not allow anyone to disturb him.
On the third day, Little Marten and Qingtan had also rushed over to Qingyang Town. Moreover, they even went to the capital and brought Lin Xiao and Liu Yan back.
The instant Liu Yan saw Lin Dong, she immediately ran over and hugged him. Meanwhile, her eyes reddened. This was because along the way, Little Marten had already told her about everything that took place. Moreover, this was the first time she ever saw her son, who was always brimming with energy and vigour and would never admit defeat regardless of how bleak the situation was, with such a lethargic expression on his face. Therefore, his expression nearly caused her heart to break.
“Dong’er, there are some problems in this world that can never be resolved perfectly. Your hardwork did not go to waste. We’ll always be proud of you.” 
Liu Yan hugged Lin Dong while tears rolled down her face. Then, she said, “If you grow tired, your parents are always here for you. Don’t weigh yourself down with the burden of saving the world. It doesn’t matter how terrifying the Yimo Emperor is. As long as mother is by your side, I will never allow you to die before I do.” 
At this moment, even though Lin Dong’s heart had been toughened up after experiencing numerous struggles over the years, he involuntarily hugged Liu Yan tightly. Meanwhile, tears began to roll down his face. After all these years, this was his most vulnerable moment. 
Standing beside them, Lin Xiao’s eyes also turned red. Then, he patted Lin Dong’s shoulder before he said, “Well done, son. Father is proud of you. In the future, let’s stay in Qingyang Town. I have asked Lin Xia, Lin Hong and the rest to come back and we will stay by your side.”
Lin Dong rubbed off his tears and smilingly nodded.
Lin Xiao eventually pulled away Liu Yan, whose eyes were completely red. Standing beside them, Little Marten looked at Lin Dong. After which, he looked at the deepest part of the back mountain before he laughed, “I recall that you obtained the Ancestor Stone in that area, am I right? I was able to detect you at that time.”
“If I had known that a demonic spirit was hidden within, I would have most likely tossed it away.” Lin Dong said. After which, he looked at Little Marten before the both of them laughed. Meanwhile, their laughters were filled with rich brotherly sentiment.
“Initially, Little Flame insisted on coming along. In fact, he even wanted to return the Chaos Ancestral Symbol. However, I stopped him from doing so.” Little Marten said.
Lin Dong nodded. Meanwhile, Qingtan also gave her Darkness Ancestral Symbol to the Darkness Master. This was because he did not want them to intentionally reduce the strength on their side for his sake. After all, they desperately needed such strength now. 
“In the following days, allow us to stay with you. In any case, whatever happens next has nothing to do with us. If they succeed, the world will be saved. However, if they fail, well, there is no need for us to put up a struggle then. Things would be rather straightforward if all of us died together.” Little Marten laughed.
Lin Dong smiled and nodded. However, his smile looked a little forced.
As the days passed, the Lin Family became increasingly lively. Lin Hong, Lin Xia and the rest had all been called back. In fact, even some of the younger members of the Lin Clan had insisted on following them back to Qingyang Town. In a short period of time, the originally peaceful Lin Family became much livelier.
Moreover, it seemed as though Lin Dong had put down certain baggage. In fact, he would joke around with them occasionally. Moreover, as he recalled the various events that took place during his childhood, he would involuntarily burst out into laughter.
In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed. 
Lin Dong was sitting at the edge of a cliff in the back mountain. Meanwhile, he was staring at the endless mountain range and the swivelling clouds in the sky. During this half a month’s time, he had not trained at all. Meanwhile, he had unilaterally severed any connection with the three Ancestral Symbols, Ancestor Stone, Great Desolate Tablet and other divine objects originally present within his body. It felt as though he had severed the lines of fate. 
Behind him, the faint sound of footsteps sounded. Immediately, Lin Dong gently tilted his head, before he saw Qingtan gently walking over. Currently, she was no longer wearing the black dress that she typically wore in the Darkness Palace, and had put on a simple emerald dress instead. Faintly, she now bore some resemblance to that naive little girl from before. 
Qingtan arrived beside Lin Dong before she crouched down. Then, she used her clear large eyes to stare at him, before she softly asked, “Brother Lin Dong, are you still upset?”
“No, I’m not.”
Lin Dong smiled and rubbed her little head before he said, “It’s just that I feel like all my hardwork over the years have gone to waste.”
“That’s not true. Brother Lin Dong, you have managed to change many things. In my eyes, you are always the strongest. Back then, Lin Langtian seemed like such an untouchable existence in our eyes. At that time, even though all of us hated him bitterly, no one dared to do anything to him. However, thanks to your hard work, we succeeded eventually. Do you know, when we received news that you killed Lin Langtian, even our father cried.” Qingtan tilted her head before she smiled in a loving manner. 
“It doesn’t matter what others speak of you. You are the most important person in our hearts.”
Lin Dong looked at this young lady, who had a solemn expression on her face, before he felt a little absent-minded. Promptly, warmth surged within his heart.
Swoosh.
A rushing wind sound appeared, before Little Marten appeared in the vicinity of this cliff. Following which, he looked at Lin Dong and it seemed as if he was hesitating over whether he should speak to him. 
“What is it?” Lin Dong looked at him and asked.
 
“According to the news I received, they have already set up a formation in the Chaotic Demon Sea and are ready to begin.”
Lin Dong’s expression froze momentarily. Promptly, he lowered his head and remained silent for a long time. Finally, he slowly lifted his head before he sucked in a deep breath of air. After which, a gentle smile appeared on his face. 
“In that case, I should start as well.”
I will protect those that I care about in my own way.





 Chapter 1302: A Year
The sky above Chaotic Demon Sea.
Compared to the rather unknown small Qingyang Town, this place was basically the focus of the entire world's attention. This was because one of the eight ancient masters, the Ice Master, would attempt to break into the Ancestor stage here!
This was also the final hope of the countless lives in this world.
A black sea of people spread over the sea, practically covering the entire sea region below. At this moment, all of them were anxiously looking towards the sky above. Many figures were seated in the sky, while powerful auras spread and covered the entire place.
These people were basically all at the Reincarnation stage. They were clearly the top fighting force of this world. 
Countless figures stood quietly in the middle of the sky. The atmosphere was a little silent.
Ying Huanhuan looked at the heavens as cold light flowed within her pretty crystal like eyes. It seemed as though she could see the seal between the planes far far away.
The seal was gradually weakening.
“Let’s prepare to begin.” Ying Huanhuan withdrew her eyes and looked towards the Life Death Master and the rest.
Her current voice contained a bone-chilling iciness, and not even the slightest emotional fluctuations could be heard within it. This made her appear like a block of ten thousand year ice. It was as if all of her emotions had been frozen.
The Life Death Master’s group could not help but let out a bitter laugh upon seeing Ying Huanhuan’s condition. She had become like this ever since she had returned from the Western Xuan Region.
“I wonder if that little fellow Lin Dong is trying to pass the three Reincarnation Tribulations… he really is a lunatic.” The Spatial Master muttered.
Ying Huanhuan lowered her pretty eyes as though she did not hear anything. However, the sudden increase in the surrounding Cold Qi betrayed the fluctuations in her heart.
She was clearly unable to truly maintain her sealed heart in the face of that name.
“I say… why don’t you let Lin Dong try? He already has the qualifications. Isn’t the reason he trained so crazily because he wanted to prevent this scene from occuring? Why did you reject him at such a time?’ The Flame Master finally sighed and said.
“You should say a little less.” The Life Death Master frowned. She looked at the ice like Ying Huanhuan and quietly sighed in her heart. Lin Dong was admittedly suffering, but so was Ying Huanhuan.
However, what else could she possibly do now?
“Let’s get ready.”
Ying Huanhuan merely stared at the sea of people below, and spoke in a faint voice. After which, she finally lifted her head, and looked in the direction of the Eastern Xuan Region. Her hand clenched tightly as her nails pierced into her palm. Dark red blood rolled down her fingertips, transforming into a dark red ice bead which turned into dust.
She sat down in the air. Seeing this, everyone present suddenly became quiet. The Life Death Master’s group sat in a circle around her, while the countless experts also sat down in the air, forming another outer circle. They seemed to form an extremely huge formation.
“Eight great Ancestral Symbols.”
Ying Huanhuan opened her red lips slightly as her icy voice echoed.
Swoosh swoosh swoosh.
Rushing wind sounds appeared, and rays of light shot out one after another. In the end, they hovered in the sky. The light faded, and they turned into many ancient symbols.
Nearby, Mu Lingshan also gently bit her lip. Her figure moved as light erupted from within her body. She turned into an ancient white and black symbol and charged forward.
Eight Ancestral Symbols rotated in the sky as endless power pulsated outwards.
“Nine great divine objects.”
The Ancestral Stone, Great Desolate Tablet, Darkness Saint Scythe, King Destroying Heavenly Plate, Chaos Stone Axe… renown and powerful divine objects from that ancient era appeared one after another. Finally, they formed a circle of light outside of the eight Ancestral Symbols.
Light shined from the Ancestral Symbols and divine objects and started extend. It ultimately converged into a giant and extremely complicated formation. Ying Huanhuan was coincidentally seated at the middle of the formation.
“Formation activate!”
Upon hearing this icy voice, all the Reincarnation stage peak experts in the outer ring responded in unison. A thought passed through their minds as vast and mighty Yuan Power swept out. The entire sea immediately started to rage. Giant hundred thousand feet waves rose and crashed as viscous Yuan Power poured endlessly into the formation.
Buzz buzz.
A hundred thousand feet large light circle slowly spread in the sky, an extremely spectacular sight.
The endless Yuan Power also began to circulate within the formation. Finally, it turned into many pillars of light, which merged into the middle of the formation where Ying Huanhuan was located.
The six men Ancient Masters group formed a seal with their hands when they saw this. Six viscous beams of light shot out from their palms. After which, they merged into Ying Huanhuan’s body. 
Crack.
Following the influx of this frightening energy, layer after layer of ice began to appear on the surface of Ying Huanhuan’s body. Solid ice gradually covered her and buried her entire body.
Her vision gradually became blurry. Ying Huanhuan used her final bit of consciousness to look towards the distant east. Nostalgia filled her eyes, while a faint smile surfaced on her lips. 
Solid ice finally swallowed her body, and a life like ice statue was left in the sky. However, no one rested. The huge formation continued to rotate at full speed as if it did not know the meaning of exhaustion.
Countless hopeful eyes looked at the ice statue. This was their final hope.
　　……
The mountains at the back of Qingyang Town.
Lin Dong was seated atop a lonely peak as he observed the clouds and other mountain peaks around him. The state of his heart gradually became calm. Soon after, he turned his head to look at Ling Qingzhu’s group at the edge of a cliff in the distance. With a faint smile, he slowly shut his eyes.
The Reincarnation Tribulations occurred within one’s body, and there would be no earth shaking disturbances. However, it was the thing that every peak Reincarnation stage expert feared the most. This was because it was impossible to escape once one fell into Reincarnation. One would forget about one’s original self until one’s physical body rotted away and death truly came.
No one in this world dared to imagine experiencing three Reincarnation Tribulations simultaneously. Besides the Ice Master, no one had ever succeeded ever since that ancient era.
The moment Lin Dong shut his eyes, the Yuan Power ripples surging around him completely disappeared. Even his presence had completely vanished at this moment.
Clouds occasionally drifted over and concealed his body. At this very moment, he seemed to have disappeared from this world. No one was able to detect him.
Everyone on the cliff watched as Lin Dong’s presence disappeared. They understood that he had begun to experience the Reincarnation Tribulations. Soon after, Little Marten waved his sleeve and a bright light barrier covered the place, isolating the lone mountain.
“He will have to rely on himself next…” Little Marten looked at Ling Qingzhu’s group and said.
“Big brother Lin Dong will definitely succeed!” Qingtan said with matchless certainty. She always had a sort of blind faith in Lin Dong.
Ling Qingzhu also smiled faintly as she softly said, “This will likely take a long time. I will also use the opportunity to train.”
She looked at the vaguely visible figure on the lone mountain. 
I have always let you do things yourself. Allow me to help you this time.
She moved and appeared on another towering mountain. After which, she sat down. She shut her pretty eyes and a mysterious fluctuation quietly spread.
“We will quietly wait for you.”
Little Marten sighed softly upon seeing this. All they could do now was wait.
　　……
Time rapidly flowed.
Time stealthily passed in the world. As time elapsed, the pressure in the world grew greater and greater. An increasing number of people could feel gradual approach of the the figure of destruction from space.
The countless people of this world panicked in the face of that figure of destruction. If not for the hope left in Chaotic Demon Sea, the world would have probably fallen into complete chaos.
An increasing number of strong individuals began to hurry towards Chaotic Demon Sea. They really wished to know if the Ice Master would be able to successfully advance to the Ancestor stage.
Chaotic Demon Sea had also become unprecedentedly lively and crowded. This was especially the case for the sea region where the formation was located. Almost every island was covered with a sea of people. Many pairs of anxious and worried eyes were focused on the sky.
There was no activity from the ice statue at the middle of the huge formation. She was akin to a bottomless pit, allowing the frightening energy to continue pouring into her. However, she did not show any signs of awakening.
This situation undoubtedly left everyone a little uneasy. However, there was nothing they could but wait.
Time flew by, and half a year passed.
While the atmosphere in Chaotic Demon Sea gradually became a little uneasy, the peaceful mountains at the back of Qingyang Town was likewise rather calm. The figure on the lone peak was now covered in dust.
Little Marten’s group stood at the edge of a cliff.  A great amount of change had occurred to Lin Dong’s body over the past half a year. Initially, his body had become older at a frightening speed. His black hair turned grayish-white, while an intense aura of death emanated from him.
That scene had caused their hearts to jump to their throats. Fortunately, when this aging reached the limit, Lin Dong gradually begun to recover. However… this recovery was a little overboard. His originally mature and determined face had become young and tender. This appearance of that of Lin Dong in his youth.
During the subsequent period of time, Lin Dong’s body continued to mysteriously change between old and young. Little Marten’s group could vaguely feel the interior of Lin Dong’s body undergo a drastic transformation while his outer appearance was changed.
The reason for such a transformation was definitely because of an unusual trial within Reincarnation. 
Such a trial could not be seen nor touched. However, the danger involved was sufficient to frighten anyone.
Time continued to pass. The ice statue in Chaotic Demon Sea and the ever changing figure in Qingyang Town still showed no signs of awakening.
Another five months passed in the same manner.
The atmosphere of the world had gradually become tense, while an indescribable aura spread. Many people had even stopped doing anything. The vast and endless Chaotic Demon Sea was now overcrowded with people.
Countless pairs of fanatical eyes were filled with anticipation as they watched the ice statue in the sky. Some had even kneeled down and started praying for a miracle to appear.
Less and less time remained. An incomparably huge crack was slowly torn open in the distant emptiness of space.
Demonic Qi surged behind the crack. An evil eye seemed to be coldly looking at the world which it had once stepped on.





 Chapter 1303: Success or Failure
Chapter 1303: Success or Failure
Seas of people surged within Chaotic Demon Sea. This place had clearly become focus of the entire world’s attention.
Countless hope-filled individuals brought along their prayers as they travelled to this place. Subsequently, they raised their heads and stared at the gigantic formation in the sky. At this moment, a lifelike ice sculpture was seated quietly in the middle of the formation. In fact, it seemed as though her surroundings were completely frozen. 
No one knew whether there were any signs of life remaining within the ice statue.
At the same time, they did not dare to probe. This was because over the last year, despair had gripped the entire world, and this ice statue was the final pillar of support keeping peace in the world.
Therefore, they simply could not imagine what a devastating sight it would be, if there were truly no signs of life within that ice statue. 
However, they were clearly trying to deceive themselves. After all, regardless of whether she succeeded or failed, the end result would appear eventually. This was because the threat to this world was gradually approaching them. 
Above the vast ocean surface, stood a sea of humans that stretched beyond the limits of one’s vision. Furthermore, as of now, this was the first time that their eyes were not locked on the lifelike ice statue. Instead, their eyes were filled with rich fear as they stared beyond the universe. 
The originally azure sky had became a lot darker. In fact, everyone even saw that a crack was slowly growing within the void.
Meanwhile, the seal between the planes, which was blocking that crack, was becoming darker.
The place where the seal between the planes was located, was extremely far away. In fact, it was a place where even peak Reincarnation stage experts could not reach. However, as of now, they were all able to clearly see the crack between the planes. Evidently, this was because the seal between the planes was weakening and the demonic aura was gradually seeping through. Finally, that destroyer would descend into their world.
The dim sky was just like the source of despair. Immediately, a despairing expression climbed onto the faces of countless individuals. Could it be that there was no way they could avoid this calamity?
Some onlookers turned to look at the middle of the formation. At that spot, the ice statue continued to remain unbudging. It has already been one year… and they had depleted the strength of countless experts. However, the miracle that they were hoping for had yet to materialize. Perhaps, she has already failed?
A depressing and despairing atmosphere enveloped the sky.
 
“Huh? What is that?!”
Suddenly, some sharp and panicked cries sounded in the Chaotic Demon Sea. Immediately, countless individuals followed the din and lifted their heads. Subsequently, a shocked expression surged onto their faces.
This was because they saw that a stream of diabolical demonic aura had gushed in from the crack, that was located beyond the universe. After which, that stream of demonic aura actually penetrated the dim seal.
These demonic aura was extremely frightening. In fact, even the hot sun in the sky lost its luster the moment it appeared. Soon after, a crack appeared on the seal between the planes.
When this crack appeared, numerous individuals felt like their heads had exploded. This was because they saw that there was an enormous eye behind that crack looking at them coldly. 
That enormous diabolical eye rotated slightly. Immediately, everyone felt a cold chill sweep past their bodies. In fact, due to that cold chill, the Yuan Power within their bodies seemingly froze for a moment. 
Countless individuals were trembling in fear, while their faces were completely pale. This was because other than the Yimo Emperor, who was once sealed by the Symbol Ancestor, who else could possess such terrifying strength?
His gaze was so cold and merciless, that it looked just like a devil surveying an army of ants. In a short period of time, his gaze swept across the entire world before it finally paused on the huge formation in the sky above the Chaotic Demon Sea. Accurately speaking, his gaze was locked on the ice statue in the middle of the formation.
When he saw that lifelike statue, dense ripples finally surged within that large evil eye. Clearly, it detected a familiar fluctuation from that ice statue.
“Rumble.”
The sound of demonic thunder seemingly sounded outside the universe. When the crowd realized that large evil eye had locked its sight on the ice statue, their scalps turned numb immediately. 
“What is he trying to do?!”
Someone exclaimed in shock. After which, dense demonic aura forcefully gushed out from the seal between the planes, before it transformed into a pale looking hand.
This hand was humongous. Meanwhile, it wasn’t wrapped by a large amount of demonic aura. However, it gave off the sensation that it could annihilate the world. 
That pale hand forcefully stretched through the seal between the planes, which had yet to be completely destroyed, before it penetrated the void and slammed down towards the large formation, that was located in the sky above the Chaotic Demon Sea.
It turns out that he wanted to kill the Ice Master, who was currently trying to break into the Ancestor stage!
Clearly, he knew that the Ice Master was attempting to break into the Ancestor stage in a bid to oppose him! 
There was no way he would allow a similar situation to occur for the second time!
“He is about to attack the Ice Master!”
Countless individuals involuntarily cried out in panic, while their eyes became completely red. The Ice Master’s attempt to break into the Ancestor stage was the final pillar of hope for the entire world. Therefore, if she was interrupted at this moment, they would lose all hope. 
“Stop him!”
Countless powerful practitioners roared. Though they felt fearful in their hearts, at a desperate moment like this, they went crazy instead. Promptly, countless rushing wind sounds appeared before many glowing figures rushed forward like a swarm of locust. Following which, countless resplendent Yuan Power pillars streaked across the sky, before they smashed ruthlessly against the pale large hand penetrating through the void.
Bang bang bang!
Tens of thousands of maniacal attacks landed on the pale large hand. However, they could not even shake that large hand. Instead, the Yimo Emperor hand completely ignored these ant like attacks and headed straight for the large formation.
Bang!
The sea region below was forcefully split apart, before a several hundred thousand feet large swirl was forcefully formed. In fact, all the seawater within a several hundred thousand feet radius was forcefully squished together. 
The large pale hand moved at an extremely rapid pace. It penetrated through various obstacles before it finally landed on the huge formation in front of countless despairing pairs of eyes.
Crack.
The formation was unable to offer any form of resistance as the outermost light barrier collapsed instantly. Immediately, all the peak experts, who had stepped into the Reincarnation stage, coughed out blood. Following which, their bodies shot backwards in a miserable fashion, before all of them fell into the sea below.
“Stop him!”
The Life Death Master’s group suddenly opened their eyes. Following which, a stern cry sounded before their hand seals quickly changed. Then, they linked their hands before a frightening energy swept forward.
“Ancestor Protection!”
A mighty light erupted from within their bodies before it transformed into an ancient glowing figure. Following which, that figure enveloped and protected them.
When that large pale hand landed on that ancient light figure, it finally stopped. However, the ancient light figure merely lasted for a moment, before dense cracks began to appear.
Traces of blood were flowing out from the nostrils of the Ancient Masters. Even though only one hand had penetrated the seal between the planes, it was already this terrifying. He was indeed a super existence, who was so powerful that their teacher had to ignite his Reincarnation in order to deal with him. 
Bang!
The blood flowing out from their nostrils grew thicker and thicker. When they realized that the light figure was about to collapse, a helpless expression flashed across their eyes. This was because they were completely exhausted. 
Crack.
In the next instant, the light figure suddenly exploded. After which, the bodies of the Life Death Master’s group suddenly wilted before blood spurted out from every opening in their bodies. After which, they vomited blood before their bodies fell from the sky, like birds with broken wings.
As their bodies fell, they saw that the pale large hand had eventually smashed heavily against the ice statue.
Is it all over?
This thought flashed across their minds, before helplessness and despair surged into their hearts.
“Is it all over?”
When they saw this sight, numerous experts felt their bodies turn cold, while their eyes lost all luster. Following which, a crisp sound appeared in their hearts. It was the sound created when the final glimmer of hope in their hearts was shattered. 
Countless individuals were in shock. Their bodies swayed, appearing as though they were about to collapse at any moment.
Crack.
All of a sudden, just as the world descended into complete silence, a clear and crisp sound appeared. It was the sound of ice being shattered… 
Some people, who were in shock, quickly turned their heads. Promptly, their stunned eyes shrunk intensely, while their bodies trembled. This was because they saw that beneath that large pale hand, ice fragments were drifting downwards like an icy downpour. Moreover, at that spot, an alluring figure, who had been sealed in ice for one year, had showed up once again. Meanwhile, her long crystal like hair was dancing with the wind. 
Buzz.
At this moment, resplendent icy blue light swept across the entire place before it forcefully stopped the descending Yimo Emperor hand. Soon after, ice and snow flowed, before the Yimo Emperor hand was actually forced backwards.
“Ice Master!”
“The Ice Master has awakened!”
“Did she succeed?!”
Countless individuals stared at this shocking scene. For the first time, the Yimo Emperor’s attack was actually stopped and even pushed back. Therefore, an uproar erupted in the Chaotic Demon Sea instantly. Following which, countless joyous and excited cheers echoed across the sea like thunder, stirring up huge waves on the surface of the ocean.
While she was being stared at by countless pairs of eyes, that were so excited that they began to tremble, an alluring icy blue figure shot towards the sky. Following which, a terrifying cold aura began to spread across the world. 
Crack.
The ocean below her was frozen instantaneously, before the ice began to spread at a frightening speed. In fact, everything within a hundred thousand feet radius was frozen immediately. However, when they saw how formidable her powers were, this caused countless individuals to rejoice. 
“Swoosh!”
That alluring icy blue figure dashed forward, before she threw a palm forward and clashed head-on with the Yimo Emperor hand.
Bang!
The world seemingly collapsed the moment this clash occurred. Moreover, the Yimo Emperor hand was forced back once again, while layers after layers of ice spread across that large pale hand. Finally, that hand was completely sealed in ice.
The Yimo Emperor hand trembled violently, before it quickly fled and withdrew back into the seal between the planes. After which, the cold aura followed and plugged the crack on the seal.
“It’s actually the Ancestor fluctuation…”
“However, this is still lacking compared to the Symbol Ancestor. After thousands of years, are you the strongest person in your plane?”
“This emperor will personally descend in one month’s time. That day shall be the doomsday of your plane.”
After the crack was sealed with ice, an indifferent voice sounded from behind the crack, before it reverberated through the world.
When they heard this voice, which had originated from beyond the sky, countless individuals descended into silence. Meanwhile, intense fear surged within their hearts. However, their eyes brightened when they saw that alluring icy blue figure standing in the sky. As long as the Ice Master was protecting them, it should be possible for the world to stop the Yimo Emperor, right?
With fervent hope in their eyes, countless individuals stared intently at that alluring figure. In fact, some people even knelt down involuntarily. At this moment, it was as if she had became their goddess.
Standing in the sky, Ying Huanhuan was staring at the broken seal between the planes. All of a sudden, a pale colour suddenly flashed across her face. Following which, her body trembled before she vomited a mouthful of blood. Meanwhile, the colour of her blood was actually icy blue.
Ying Huanhuan was staggering. After which, in front of countless bewildered pairs of eyes, she flew backwards. Meanwhile, blood mists continuously erupted across the surface of her delicate body.
Located in the distant back mountain of Qingyang Town, a figure covered with dust suddenly opened his eyes. In the next instant, silver light surged around him before he vanished into thin air. 
In the sky above the Chaotic Demon Sea, Ying Huanhuan’s delicate figure was falling from the sky. At this moment, her eyes were gently shut and it seemed as though she had no intention of controlling her body. Following which, in the next instant, she felt herself falling into an embrace, which was filled with a familiar scent. 
At this moment, she finally opened her pretty icy blue eyes. After which, she saw that man’s face, a face which was imprinted deeply into her soul.
“You are here.” She looked at him and softly said. Meanwhile, her voice was exceptionally gentle and warm, and was not icy cold at all. 
“You… did you fail?”
Lin Dong was hugging her. When he saw the icy blue blood on the corner of her lips, his heart shuddered involuntarily. At this moment, he realized that although Ying Huanhuan’s strength had reached a frightening level, she had not truly reached the Ancestor stage. Otherwise, she would not have been wounded by the Yimo Emperor till such an extent.
Currently, Ying Huanhuan was just like a little cat as she curled and snuggled in Lin Dong’s embrace. Meanwhile, her icy pretty face was leaning against his warm chest, while an enchanting smile appeared on her lips. Her delicate arms were gently wrapped around Lin Dong’s neck. After which, she elegantly lifted her snow white neck, before her gentle lips imprinted themselves on Lin Dong’s lips. Finally, icy cold tears rolled down her pretty face.
“No… I succeeded.”





 Chapter 1304: Wish
“You succeeded?”
Lin Dong was slightly taken aback as he felt the soft and icy sensation on his lips. After which, he looked at Ying Huanhuan’s smiling yet tear-stricken face as his heart trembled for some time.
“What do you mean?”
Ying Huanhuan got off Lin Dong’s body. Her hand gently stroked his face as she muttered, “You have really endured through three Reincarnation Tribulations… sorry, I was unable to remain beside you.”
She lightly took two steps back. After which, her pretty crystal like eyes gazed at the countless anticipation filled eyes from the sea of people below as her serene voice spread, “My current self has yet to truly reach the Ancestor stage. At best, I can be considered to be at the Half-Ancestor stage. There is still an extremely huge gap to the true Ancestor stage.”
The Chaotic Demon Sea gradually quietened down. Many people became despondent upon hearing these words. Half-Ancestor? What did she mean?
“With my current strength, I am still no match for the Yimo Emperor. When his true body descends upon this world a month later, I will no longer be able to stop him.”
The faces of countless individuals gradually paled, as the fire of hope in their eyes was extinguished bit by bit. Was their final hope about to shatter at this moment?
The Ice Master did not advance into the Ancestor stage like they had anticipated… instead, she only reached the Half-Ancestor stage. Just a mere difference of a word, yet it was worlds apart.
“Really… is it the end of the world?”
Countless individuals muttered to themselves, while intense fear and despair crawled out from deep within their hearts.
The Ancient Masters also wiped off the blood at the corner of their mouths. They gazed at the sky and sighed quietly in their hearts.
“It doesn’t matter if you did not reach the Ancestor stage. If we work together and combine our strength with the others, it may not necessarily be impossible to fight the Yimo Emperor!” Lin Dong looked at the slightly trembling body of Ying Huanhuan. The anticipation of countless individuals was just like a heavy mountain that weighed down on her soft shoulders. The pressure and responsibility of saving this world would make anyone become unable to breath.
Ying Huanhuan looked at Lin Dong and smiled a little as she said, “In reality, I have already known that this will be the result. Even all this gathered energy cannot allow anyone to step into the Ancestor stage. Moreover, this forceful raising of cultivation level has terrible repercussions. I’m afraid that my current self is no longer able to advance to the Ancestor stage.”
“How can it be so easy to truly reach the Ancestor stage. However, this is within my expectations. Hence, I have still succeeded.”
Lin Dong’s body violently shook as he blankly stared at Ying Huanhuan.
“It is precisely because I knew that this would be the result that I rejected your offer to replace me. Sorry, I had no intentions of dismissing your efforts… I am aware of all that you have done…”
Ying Huanhuan covered her lips with her hand as her voice became hoarse. Tears rolled down from her eyes. Her eyes were filled with tender feelings as she looked at Lin Dong.
There was no longer any traces of the iciness from before.
The countless people of the world were blankly watched the crying girl that was covering her mouth. At this very moment, she did not appear to be the saviour of the world, whom everyone had placed all of their hopes on. Instead, she was just a weak and pitiful ordinary girl.
“Just what… are you planning to do?” Lin Dong muttered as he looked at the trembling girl.
Ying Huanhuan smeared the tears on her face. She looked at Lin Dong as s an extremely beautiful smile blossomed on her face. “I am thinking of letting you become the second Symbol Ancestor.”
Lin Dong was stunned. The countless experts below also looked at Ying Huanhuan with incomparably shocked eyes. Just what did she mean?
“Give me some time. I will definitely reach that stage!” Lin Dong stared intently at Ying Huanhuan as unease rose within his heart.
“However… we do not have any more time.”
Ying Huanhuan lifted her pretty face. The seal between the planes in space was rapidly dimming. The ice seal that she had placed above it was melting at a frightening pace. It was obvious that the Yimo Emperor was attacking the seal with all his power.
“Sorry… I have been lied to you all along. I got you to enter the Ancestral Citadel to create the Divine Palace, and forced you to undergo three Reincarnation Tribulations… I am really someone you should hate…” The smile on Ying Huanhuan’s face had an air of ultimate melancholy. Her fingernails pierced deeply into her palm, and icy-blue blood continuously dripped like beads of ice.
“The strength that my master spoke of does not refer to my ability to reach the Ancestor stage. Instead, I possess the power to help one reach the Ancestor stage. It is still possible to save this world. Of course, the precondition is that I must reach the Half-Ancestor stage.”
Lin Dong gritted his teeth as he stared at Ying Huanhuan. 
I do not want to be the second Symbol Ancestor. I am a very selfish person. Therefore, I do not view something like saving the world as part of my responsibility. I only wish to be together with those whom I care about. Even if everything will eventually be destroyed, I will at least not have any regrets!
Ying Huanhuan looked at Lin Dong. It was as though she could read the thoughts swimming in his heart. She gently bit her lips and said in a hoarse voice, “But… I only wish for you to live.”
I only wish for you to live.
Lin Dong seemed to have been struck by lightning. These familiar words were said in the same manner by a red eye young lady many years ago in that hopeless situation back in the Unique Devil Region. However, this simple request made Lin Dong feel a heart shattering pain.
“Just what are you planning to do?!”
Lin Dong shook as he once again repeat the same words. He stared at Ying Huanhuan and muttered, “Can’t you listen to me for once?!”
“I really do not wish for things to be like this… however, is there really any other choice? In reality, everything was predestined since the beginning. It is impossible for me to change anything…”
Ying Huanhuan’s pretty eyes turned fully red. Tears gathered in those eyes.
“Sorry… I only wish for you to remain alive and well.”
Ying Haunhuan slowly stepped back and gently shook her head. The moment she did so, her long crystal like hair gradually turned jet-black. Those ice-blue eyes similarly regained the lively pitch-black color from long ago. At this moment, the former lively young girl with a jet-black ponytail and a sweet laughter seemed to have appeared again.
The expressions of the other Ancient Masters drastically changed when they saw Ying Huanhuan’s transformation.
Lin Dong had also sensed that something was amiss. He moved and directly rushed towards Ying Huanhuan.
Ch!
However, the space around Lin Dong was frozen just as he was about to charge forward. Ice turned into vines that entwined around Lin Dong. After which, ice gathered under his feet, forming an incomparably huge ice lotus.
Even though Lin Dong had created the Divine Palace and experienced three Reincarnation Tribulations, he still had difficulty resisting such power. Although his cultivation speed was sufficient to be ranked amongst the top three since ancient times, the time he cultivated was far too short. This was also his greatest weakness. If he was given a little more time, he believed that he would definitely touch the Ancestor stage!
However, he did not have any more time!
“Ying Huanhuan! I will not let you off if you dare to do anything reckless!” Lin Dong’s eyes were entirely red as he roared.
Ying Huanhuan gave Lin Dong a tender smile. Her smile was as sad and moving as a snow lotus fading away on an ict mountain. Soon after, her eyes slowly shut.
　　……
A long long time ago.
An old man had carried a small baby girl from out of a thousand year ice mountain.
The baby girl gradually grew up, and turned into a little girl with a small ponytail.
“Bing’er, you possess great power. In the distant future, the world will perhaps need your protection when master is no longer around.” The old man faintly smiled as he looked at the pretty jade like little girl and said in a warm voice.
“Why will master not be around?” The little girl’s voice was young. Her large jet-black eyes were filled with innocence and confusion.
The old man laughed and continued, “However, you will need to be fully willing to unleash this kind of power. Moreover, you will pay a huge price as a result. That price might well be your life. If you can find a person whom you are willing to give everything up for when that time comes, I hope that you will save the lives of this world.”
The little girl blinked her large eyes as if she half-understood and said, “What if I do not find that person? Why should I sacrifice my life for others? I do not like it.”
“If you fail to find that person, it would mean that this world is destined for a calamity. Master’s agreement with you will also be void.”
“Oh…”
The little girl took a bite out of the popsicle in her hand as her jet-black ponytail bounced about. Sacrificing her life for others? Although she was still young, the iciness in the depths of her heart allowed her to understand that it was impossible for something like that to happen.
　　……
“Master… I ultimately still found the one who can make me willingly sacrifice everything for… Bing’er is also very happy…”
This distant memory surged out from a long forgotten part of her mind as Ying Huanhuan muttered to herself in her heart. The smile on her pretty face grew warmer as her hands lightly touched, forming an incomparably ancient seal.
“I pray with my very soul…”
“Using my body…”
“Using my soul…”
“Using my blood…”
An airy voice seemed to to appear along with an ancient song. It leisurely resounded over all corners of this world. The Four Great Xuan Regions, Chaotic Demon Sea, Demon Region… countless individuals lifted their heads. They could feel an indescribable feeling rise within their hearts as they looked towards a certain direction.
“Calling upon the spirit of heaven and earth, Divine transformation, Ancestral Path!”
Ying Huanhuan’s delicate body trembled violently when the final ancient word sounded. Subsequently, the world started to shudder, and brilliantly colored light appeared in the sky. It was as though there endless spiritual light had emerged. In the end, the sky above the Chaotic Demon Sea turned into a gorgeous light curtain that was hundreds of thousands of feet in size.
The spiritual light ultimately poured into the huge ice lotus under Lin Dong’s feet. Subsequently, the ice lotus became brilliant… 
However, Lin Dong did not have the time to observe the ice lotus’ transformation. He looked at Ying Huanhuan with inconsolable grief. An icy-blue flame had started to burn her body.
At this very moment, he finally understood what Ying Huanhan intended to do. She was burning herself in order to activate her greatest power to assist him in reaching Ancestor stage. However, the price  would clearly be her life!
Lin Dong finally understood why Ying Huanhuan had rejected him in that cold and indifferent manner in the Western Xuan Region… that was not a formation meant for attempting to break into the Ancestor Stage. Instead, it was for the sake of activating this power!
She had thought of this from the very beginning!
“Stop!”
“You stop right now!”
“Ying Huanhuan!”
Countless veins of blood traces extended in Lin Dong’s eyes as he struggled crazily and roared furiously. His roar was just like a wild beast as it resounded over the area.
The Flame Master’s group below had a drastic change in expression when they saw this. They were about to charge forward when they were held back by the Life Death Master. The latter’s eyes were red as she muttered, “This is her choice. Do not interfere.”
“Why have things turned out like this?” The Flame Master’s group had pale expression as they mumbled.
“We… do we have any other solution? It is not so easy to reach the Ancestor stage. Even little junior sister can only use this method in order to allow Lin Dong to advance to the Ancestor stage. This is the only way we avoid this calamity.” The Life Death Master wiped her tears and answered.
The Flame Master’s group was speechless. They gazed at the sky. Even after everything they had experienced and been through, their eyes involuntarily reddened at this moment.
The icy-blue flame rose. Ying Huanhuan looked at the practically maddened Lin Dong, while tears gathered and fell.
“Sorry… I do not wish to protect this world, nor do I wish to become its saviour. However, I wish for you to live…”
“Lin Dong, thank you for letting me to fall in love with you before I awakened… thank you for giving me so many beautiful memories. You made me to understand that one’s heart will eventually bloom regardless of how icy it is…”
“You once asked me if I am the Ice Master or Ying Huanhuan…”
“I can tell you now… you fool, there has never been an Ice Master. I was always… Ying Huanhuan.”
The icy-blue flame rose in spirals. Finally, it wrapped around Ying Huanhuan’s entire body. Her somewhat hoarse voice also spread at this moment.
“Ah! Ah! Ah!”
Lin Dong let out a long howl of sorrow. It spread far into the distance. The heartbreaking pain and helplessness inside it instantly turned countless eyes red.
Swoosh.
An overwhelming radiance exploded from the enormous ice lotus at this moment. After which, the ice lotus petals slowly began to fold. Lin Dong’s vision gradually turned blurry as the ice lotus began to fold, while his consciousness began to descend into darkness.
When his sight was about to fade completely, a figure seemed to appear.
Hands behind her back, her long jet-black ponytail bounced in a lively manner. Her pretty face was filled with a sly and lovely smile. It was just like when they met for for the first time back then in Dao Sect.





 Chapter 1305: Reincarnation
Darkness followed by heart tearing pain drowned Lin Dong’s mind. It was as if his consciousness had fallen into an endless darkness. Howls akin to those of a suffering wild beast faintly echoed within this darkness.
It was unclear how long these howls continued, before they finally started to gradually weaken as if the owner of the howls had exhausted all of his energy.
After an unknown period of time, a magnificent radiance suddenly exploded within the darkness and wrapped around the consciousness floating inside it. This radiance was like countless images as it flickered past. Every image seemed to be a Reincarnation.
Lin Dong’s mind was forcibly pulled into these Reincarnation vortexes. Subsequently, he completely lost consciousness. Such a feeling was even more frightening than when he was taking on the three Reincarnation Tribulations.
The wheel of reincarnation turned as a certain consciousness finally fully submerged within it, unable to free itself. His memories seemed to be stripped away as new memories took over.
　　……
In the first reincarnation, he was still the Lin Dong from Qingyang Town. He still worked hard in his cultivation to obtain justice for his father. However, he did not have the Ancestral Stone this time, and was merely an ordinary young man of the Lin Family that was dedicated to the family.
He put great effort into his cultivation for the sake of revenge on the most dazzling genius of the Lin Clan.
However, he did not have the patience to silently endure this time. Although he made the Lin Family the strongest family in Qingyang Town through his efforts, his hatred towards Lin Langtian was leaked, hence drawing killing intent.
Blood and fire enveloped the Lin Family.
An inner clan member wearing the clothes of the Lin Clan wore an indifferent expression as he thrust his longsword into Liu Yan’s body. As fresh blood sprayed, she did her best to shout at the young man nearby who was watching this disaster in a dazed manner, “Dong’er, quickly escape!”
Thick fear surged in his heart. He watched as a tall and thin man with a handsome face slowly walked over. The longsword in this man’s hands was still dripping with the blood of his family.
“Are you the Lin Dong who wanted to take revenge on me?” The handsome man stood before Lin Dong. A faint mocking expression appeared on his face, while his gaze seemed as if he was looking down at an ant.
“I will kill you!”
Lin Dong’s eyes were blood red. Deeply rooted hatred surged in his heart as he howled and charged at Lin Langtian. However, all he saw was the cold and mocking smile on the latter’s face.
“Lowly member of the branch family, you cannot even tell the difference between up and down. Staying in this world will only tarnish the name of my Lin Clan.”
A mocking voice sounded by Lin Dong’s ear. Soon after, a sharp sword swept forth and pierced his neck without the slightest hesitation. Fresh blood sprayed as he powerlessly fell to the ground. In a pool of his own blood, he saw Lin Xiao, Lin Zhentian and the rest kneeling nearby. Subsequently, that same sharp sword cut through their necks.
Heads fell one after another. Those widely opened eyes were filled with feelings of unresignment and despair.
His vision started descend into darkness. In the end, he faded together with his endless remorse.
　　……
In one life, there was no hatred between him and Lin Langtian. His talent was outstanding and in the end, he allowed the Lin Family to return to the Lin Clan through his efforts. Moreover, he ultimately also became the most dazzling person in the Lin Clan.
Under his management, the Lin Clan became the most powerful clan in the Great Yan Empire, while he too became the empire’s number one practitioner.
However, there was no Ying Huanhuan or Ling Qingzhu in this life.
At the very end, as his life reached its end, he lay down in a coffin under the countless sorrowful and respectful gazes of the Lin Clan members. However, the instant darkness filled his sights, he faintly felt that he seemed to have lost the most important thing.
　　……
Reincarnation. One life after another passed as if it would never end. Lin Dong’s consciousness fell into this Reincarnation and he could no longer find his true self.
He obtained glory before, he was lowly before, he received respect before, he was mocked by others before. He had been subjected to the myriad shapes and forms of life. 
He experienced one life after another like a walking sack of meat. Only when each life reached its end, did he finally feel as if he was still unable to find something. Similarly, he had not found his true self.
Subsequently, he met Ling Qingzhu in one of these lives. However, it was merely a glimpse, and that preposterous night of passion in the stone tomb did not occur. The latter was still the unreachable fairy that seemed to have descended from the heavens, while he were merely one of the countless people who could only look up to her.
In that life, he was exceptionally ordinary. He achieved nothing and his life gloomily reached its end.
The wheel of reincarnation continued to turn. After experiencing an unknown number of reincarnations, a certain consciousness grew more and more murky, as if it would continue to fall in this manner for an eternity.
　　……
One life passed after another.
In this life, he once again became a disciple of Dao Sect. He once again saw that lively and pretty figure. Her jet-black ponytail seemed to bounce as if it could endlessly increase the vitality in one’s heart.
She was still the little princess of Dao Sect, while he appeared rather ordinary. However, when their eyes met within the crowd, he seemed to faintly tremble for a moment as indescribable feelings filled his heart.
He grew to like her.
As a result, he started to work hard in his cultivation. He started to separate himself from the ordinary, and distinguish himself from amongst the Dao Sect disciples. As his reputation amongst the Dao Sect disciples grew greater and greater, those pretty eyes that quietly observed him grew increasingly bright.
In the end, they became the two most enviable figures within Dao Sect.
They cultivated together and took on missions together. Amidst those life and death struggles, feelings bubbled forth.
Bright flowers as far as the eye could see covered the mountains at the back of Dao Sect. As the wind blew past, a fragrance immediately filled the area.
Lin Dong was seated within this sea of flowers. He looked to his front, where the graceful and soft figure of a young lady was skillfully dancing. Flowers filled the sky and seemed to dance along with the twisting of her waist as they gathered around her. The young lady’s clear as a silver bell like laughter was the most beautiful sound in this world.
His gaze was gentle as he watched the young lady. At this very moment, feelings so complicated that even he was unable to explain seemed to gush out from the depths of his heart. A heart tearing pain lay within the deepest part of these feelings.
His eyes unknowingly turned a little red.
“Hey, what’s wrong?”
A clear voice rang out by his ear. The young lady’s large and pretty eyes looked at him in a puzzled manner, while her jet-black ponytail flickered beautifully under the rays of the sun.
As he gazed upon her face, he suddenly reached out and grabbed her hands. He was silent for a long time. In the end, he mumbled, “Marry me.”
When these words were spoken, he felt a special feeling that seemed to have passed through countless Reincarnations and heavily struck his heart.
She must be given happiness.
This feeling seemed to be saying these words.
The young lady was shocked by his sudden words. Soon after, her pretty face instantly turned scarlet red. Her large eyes contained a shy look, as she gently nodded her head.
The entire Dao Sect was immersed in celebration.
As the most outstanding disciple of Dao Sect. His marriage with the sect master’s daughter was clearly what everyone was hoping for.
In the bridal chamber filled with red candles, he gently lifted the brightly colored wedding veil, and gazed at the bashful and emotionally stirring pretty face under the red bridal curtains as his eyes involuntarily reddened once again.
Subsequently, under the shy and puzzled gaze of the bride, he lowered his head and took those soft lips with his own.
It was a night of passion. That soft groan of pain from the young lady embodied endless bliss.
The two were inseparable after the wedding. Those feelings of not wanting to part caused many to be envious. To have found a person to cherish in this world was indeed a kind of happiness akin to a dream that one was unwilling to wake up from.
However, Ying Huanhuan could feel that Lin Dong would suddenly become very silent at times. He would sit on a cliff in a daze, as he watched the numerous disciples within the sect cultivate with eyes that were somewhat lost.
However, every time his gaze turned to Ying Huanhuan, the lost look in his eyes would transform into a look of warmth. It was just that the depths of this warmth seemed to hide something that he did not dare to speak of.
“Are you hiding something from me?” She finally could not help but ask.
However, in response to her question, Lin Dong merely smiled faintly and gently pulled her into his arms. His gentleness made her feel as if she was flying, and she would no longer be able to remember why she was asking.
“I will make you happy forever.” Lin Dong buried his face into her long and fragrant jet-black hair as he secretly muttered in his heart.
One year after another passed, and in the blink of an eye it was the third year after their marriage.
On certain a cliff in Dao Sect, Ying Huanhuan’s white and slender legs gently swung to and fro at the edge of the cliff. She slightly tilted her head, and looked at the young man who was gazing at Dao Sect. The latter’s figure was giving off an increasingly stable feeling.
She pursed her lips and smiled as she looked at him, emanating the stirring aura of a lovely young married woman.
“Father says that given your cultivation progress, you will likely have the qualifications to succeed him in two years… at that time, will I have to call you great sect leader Lin?” She charmingly smiled and teased.
“Then you will become madam Lin.” Lin Dong smiled as his hand reached out and flicked her forehead. His eyes were filled with doting tenderness.
Ying Huanhuan grinned as she looked at him. She suddenly sighed and asked, “Is there something you want to tell me?”
“Oh?”
“Do you not feel it? You seemed to have changed a little ever since our wedding. It’s not that change is not good, but you really treat me too well… it makes me feel as if you seem to be making up for something.” Ying Huanhuan was a little downcast as she spoke.
“I just want to let you know that you do not owe me anything. I love you… even more than I love myself.” Ying Huanhuan gently bit her red lips as she softly said.
The smile on Lin Dong’s face gradually stiffened at this moment. He gently caressed Ying Huanhuan’s face as he mumbled, “Why are you always so foolish…”
“Then will you tell me?” Ying Huanhuan softly asked.
Lin Dong was silent. He peered into the distance as extremely complicated feelings seemed surge in his pitch-black eyes. It was a long while later before he softly replied, “Are you willing to hear a story?”
“Um.” Ying Huanhuan nodded her little head.
Lin Dong smiled a bitter smile, and started to tell his story. In that story, there was also a person called Lin Dong. Likewise, there was also a girl called Ying Huanhuan. Moreover, the girl was the reincarnation of the Ice Master, one of the eight Ancient Masters, and there were also the terrifying Yimo...
In this story,  the two of them were mostly apart and did not spend much time together. However, their feelings were just as sincere. In addition, they did not become husband and wife in the end like they had here.
His voice was a little gloomy and seemed to contain an endless sorrow.
Ying Huanhuan looked at the Lin Dong. Her eyes had unwittingly become completely red. In particular, when she heard that that Ying Huanhuan had ultimately ignited herself to send him into the Ancestral Road, crystal like tears were already rolling down her face.
“She doesn’t seem to listen to you much, you must be very angry with her right?” Ying Huanhuan’s eyes were red as she asked.
“Yes… if they could die together in the end, it would also be a kind of happiness. It is after all better than leaving the sorrow to the one who lives to bear alone, that is… a really unbearable pain.” Lin Dong softly said.
“But some things cannot be avoided in the end. You must bear with this sorrow and she must also bear the pain of deceiving her true love.”
“Yea, I have no right to be angry at her…” Lin Dong was suddenly stunned for a moment, before he smiled, “It is only a story after all.”
Ying Huanhuan did not reply. Those large eyes of hers only silently watched him, as tears continued to fall, “The reality is… that we are on that Ancestral Road of Reincarnation right?”
“All of this… is fake, right?”
Lin Dong gazed at her. He pulled her tiny hand and placed it on his heart, “Can you not feel whether it is real or fake? Some things will never change even after a thousand Reincarnations.”
“Moreover, if this truly is Reincarnation, I would rather stay here forever.”
“All I want now is to accompany you, is that okay?”
Ying Huanhuan gently wiped at the tears on her face, smiling as she cried, “I have suddenly become very envious of that me in the story, what’s to be done?”
“I know that you want to make it up to me. However, that is not what I want even though I know that your feelings for me are equally true.” Ying Huanhuan softly chuckled, “Because, I am also her. Without these thoughts in your heart, all of this would never have appeared.”
“Moreover, she could ignite Reincarnation for you. Do you believe that I will allow you to stay in Reincarnation like this?”
Lin Dong looked at her. He had nothing to say. Even in Reincarnation, her character had not changed at all.
“Can I play a song for you? What she could not do in the end, I will do for her now.”
Ying Huanhuan released herself from Lin Dong’s hands. With a wave of her hand, an emerald green guqin appeared. She gently smiled at Lin Dong as the tears on her face glittered.
Slim hands slowly descended. Slender fingers swam across the zither, as a sad sound melodiously fluttered.
Her bouncing jet-black ponytail was just like the the first time they had met many years before. Like that once clear as a silver bell like laughter. Like that tender smile at that final moment when she ignited Reincarnation...
Lin Dong’s eyes had now become completely red, as an enormous sadness hammered at his eyes, causing his vision to blur. His body faintly trembled. Countless Reincarnations exploded in the depths of his mind, as his murky consciousness started to completely awaken at this very moment.
The lost look in those pitch-black eyes transformed into deepness. In the end, his gaze landed on the girl before him as tears flowed.
It was just like back then before Reincarnation. The scene of that very face that held a tender smile, while those same tears flowed within the burning flames.
“Argh!”
He raised his head, as a heart tearing howl of pain echoed into the distance and resounded across the land. The grief contained within it caused even the sky to darken.
“Argh!”
“Argh!”
“Why! Why do you never listen to me!”
Tears frantically flowed as he threw himself forward and tightly hugged Ying Huanhuan. He could not longer suppress the feelings in his heart, and bawled like a helpless child.
Ying Huanhuan hugged his head as she pressed her cold wet chin on the top of his head. Tears dripped as she spoke through choked sobs, “How can you stay here after I’ve paid such a huge price. This kind of compensation is something that the both of us do not wish to see.”
Lin Dong’s eyes were blurry as he mumbled, “Let me accompany you in this life.”
“If I allow it, you will once again fall into that endless Reincarnation.” Ying Huanhuan’s fingertips gently touched his heart, “All of this is actually real, because it has happened in the deepest part of your heart. If you did not consider it, it would never have happened… I will also always stay here.”
“All of this is enough.”
“Thus…”
Ying Huanhuan’s large eyes looked at Lin Dong, before her soft lips kissed his mouth as tears rolled down her face.
“Lin Dong, please awaken.”
Lin Dong tightly hugged the person in his embrace as if he wanted to hug her into his body, and deeply kissed her back.
On the cliff, a man and a woman were wrapped in each other’s embrace. A breeze blew past, causing the bright flowers that covered the mountain to gently sway as if in accompaniment to the melodious guqin music.
Bottomless light suddenly burst out from within Lin Dong’s body. The world started blur as the person in his arms turned increasingly incomporeal. Although Lin Dong tightly held her in his arms, he was still unable to stop her from fading.
“Thank you. I was very happy in this life. She should also feel this.”
The pretty figure turned more and more incorporeal, however, the smile on her pretty face contained endless reluctance and happiness. In the end, she faded away.
The world once again fell into darkness as if everything had returned to Primal Chaos.
Lin Dong silently knelt within that darkness. A long long time later, he finally slowly lifted his head, as a clear and bright light once again returned to his black eyes. He abruptly stood up as an unshakable determination surged.
I have walked all of Reincarnation solely to meet you.
No matter what, no matter how great the cost, even if I have to ascend the heavens or descend to the depths of hell, 
I will bring you back!





 Chapter 1306: Shattering of the Seal
The sky above Chaotic Demon Sea was magnificent. Bright colors had enveloped the entire Chaotic Demon Sea for an entire year… 
Even the sun and moon seemed to have lost their brilliance under this light. Extremely mystical fluctuations secretly pulsated as the light circulated.
Chaotic Demon Sea was still overflowing with people. Their eyes were all focused on the sky, where a giant and  incomparably gorgeous ice lotus was present. It was tightly shut while seemingly every color was emitted from it. It was the apex of beauty.
Every gaze was anxiously glued to the gorgeous ice lotus. After the Ice Master had ignited her Reincarnation and used all of her power to aid Lin Dong into reaching the Ancestor stage, he became the final hope of the countless of lives in this world.
Darkness was approaching in a pressuring manner from the far away sky while their eyes were anxiously fixed on the brilliant ice lotus. A hundred thousand feet large crack was spreading in the void as extremely dense evil Qi continued to surge from it.
There was an ancient formation in front of the crack. However, this formation had already become extremely dim, and was clearly on the verge of breaking. Even some peak experts could vaguely sense that a certain figure of destruction was about to arrive.
Countless individuals quietly looked to each other, and saw the unconcealable horror in each other’s eyes.
“The Yimo Emperor is about to descend.”
The Life Death Master also lifted her head. Her small face gravely observed the changes in the distant void as she slowly remarked.
“But Lin Dong has not come out yet…” The Flame Master glanced at the tightly shut brilliant ice lotus. Other than continuously emitting multi-colored radiance, there was no other activity from it over the past month. They were even unable to detect Lin Dong’s presence.
“We cannot care about such matters. Little junior sister ignited her Reincarnation in order to create this chance. We must not waste it!” A stern expression flashed across the Life Death Master’s eyes as she decisively said. “We will attack with all our strength once the Yimo Emperor descends. We will stop him for as long as possible!”
The Flame Master and the others nodded with solemn faces. Regardless of the situation, they would do their best to help Lin Dong gain that urgently needed time… 
Rumble!
Deep demonic thunder seemed to rumble from the distant void, as evil ripple began to truly invade this world.
Countless pairs of eyes were anxiously focused on the sky. After which, they began to tremble. They had seen the seal outside the crack begin to burn.
Black flames had glued themselves to the seal. The seal seemed to release a deafening noise at this moment. The final gate guarding the plane had finally reached the end of its mission.
Crack.
The seal cracked open, and ultimately completely disappeared. One could see a million feet large crack between the planes slowly squirming where the seal had vanished. It appeared like the large mouth of an evil demon that had started to gnaw at this world.
The surging Demonic Qi was so viscous that it seemed to have almost become solid. It surged out from the crack between the planes. In an instant, the sun and moon lost their light.
Bang!
Demonic Qi spread over the world. There seemed to be an extremely pair of evil eyes present within it. It indifferently swept over this world, seemingly attempting to search for the beautiful figure who had forced him back a month ago.
The result of his search caused him to be a somewhat surprised. He had discovered that particular presence appeared to have completely disappeared from this world, and even he could not detect it.
The gaze sweeping over the world suddenly looked towards Chaotic Demon Sea, where brilliant light spread in the sky in the middle of an endless sea of people. That somewhat familiar light caused the evil eyes to tighten slightly.
It was an extremely familiar and dangerous fluctuation!
“Humph!”
A cold and indifferent snort was emitted from the Demonic Qi. Soon after, the countless experts in Chaotic Demon Sea were shocked to see an extremely thick Demonic Qi light pillar suddenly rush downwards from the void. It tore through the sky and ruthlessly shot towards the brilliant ice lotus at the middle of the colorful light.
“Attack!”
The expressions of the six Ancient Masters drastically changed upon seeing this. With a stren cry, the six of them rushed forward and hovered in the air above the ice lotus.
Urgh!
They powerfully slammed their own chests, and a mouthful of essence blood was spat out. Their expressions paled as six clusters of essence blood suddenly merged together. Bright light accompanied by a frightening ripple swept apart.
Light spread, turning into a large ancient bell. The giant bell completely covered both them and the ice lotus.
Dong!
Demonic light penetrated space and arrived, heavily smashing onto the giant bell. A clear chine resounded across the sky. Circular sonic waves, which were visible to the naked eye, caused the surrounding experts to be blown backwards.
Crack.
The giant bell defence, which was formed from the full power of the six individuals, did not manage to achieve much of an effect. Many cracks swiftly spread over the huge bell. Finally, it emitted a loud bang and was completely blasted apart.
Urgh!
Six figures flew backwards when the large bell exploded, and a mouthful of fresh blood was coughed out. Their originally pale faces turned even paler, and their auras became extremely frail. Although they were already considered peak level experts in this world, there was still far too big of a gap when compared with the Yimo Emperor.
Although they had suffered a serious injury, they ultimately managed to block this attack of the Yimo Emperor. An icy expression seemed to flit across the evil eyes in the distant void, and Demonic Qi surged once again.
Surging Demonic Qi arrived. Everyone could clearly feel the figure of destruction, that had stepped across the planes, was now swiftly approaching them.
Swoosh!
Viscous Demonic Qi once again shot forward, turning into a giant demonic finger that blasted apart the void, and ruthlessly thrust towards the brilliant ice lotus. Evil symbols flickered at the demonic fingertips.
“Let’s attack together!”
Countless strong individuals in Chaotic Demon Sea saw the Yimo Emperor’s attack arrive once again. After feeling extremely terrified, all of them began to feel a great fury. Lin Dong was their final hope. If he was hindered or destroyed by the Yimo Emperor here, it would mean that they would lose their last resistance.
Such a scene must never appear!
Scarlet rose in the eyes of the countless powerful individuals. Subsequently, roars rang out one after another, and tens of millions of Yuan Power pillars shot forth. The entire Chaotic Demon Sea trembled wildly at this moment.
Bang bang bang!
Countless attacks crazily smashed onto the demonic finger, causing it to violently tremble. However, the far off Yimo Emperor clearly detected this situation. With a cold snort, the evil symbols on the demonic finger suddenly erupted and blocked all of the attacks. After which, it ruthlessly smashed towards the brilliant ice lotus without weakening.
“Ignite Reincarnation and stop him!”
The eyes of the Life Death Master turned red upon seeing this. With a stern cry, both of her hands suddenly formed a seal. She was planning on directly igniting her Reincarnation.
They had no other choice at this moment!
Swoosh!
However, the space above the ice lotus suddenly distorted just as they were prepared to fight to their deaths, and a white clothed figure appeared from out of nowhere.
The figure had an aloof demeanor. Her pretty face was covered in frost at this moment. She looked at the demonic finger headed her way, and clenched her hand, as a three foot long sword appeared in a flash.
Wielding the longsword, she ferociously slashed downwards!
The sword slash did not give off any Yuan Power fluctuations. It was a strike that seemingly did not contain any power at all.
Crack!
However, this seemingly powerless slash directly passed through that terrifying demonic finger. After which, countless individuals were shocked to see that the demon finger had actually been slashed into two.
Clamor!
The entire Chaotic Demon Sea erupted into an uproar. Countless individuals were stunned as they looked at the fairy like beauty in white. It was clear that they did not understand just who this person, who had suddenly appeared and seemed to be even stronger than the Ancient Masters, was.
“Ling Qingzhu?!”
The Ancient Masters exclaimed. They were very startled when they saw this scene.
“Why has she become so strong?” The Spatial Master asked in shock. He could sense that there was no Yuan Power in Ling Qingzhu’s. However, they could detect a familiar ancient fluctuation from her.
“It is the power of the Zenith!”
The Life Death Master answered in a solemn manner. She stared at the figure and muttered, “She is actually able to use the power of the Zenith to such an extent? How terrifying. In terms of understanding and control of the Zenith, it is likely that even little junior sister is inferior…”
“She has given up on every other kind of power, and focused on chasing after the power of the Zenith. This boldness is something that even we cannot match.” The Flame Master nodded and said.
“This little fellow Lin Dong is really impressive. Both Ling Qingzhu and little junior sister are extremely talented ladies. Yet, both of them have fallen for this fellow. Impressive, impressive.” The Spatial Master smacked his lips. His tone contained a great admiration. However, his words only made the others roll their eyes.
“However, I’m afraid that even Ling Qingzhu cannot stop the Yimo Emperor. The Yimo Emperor has already pierced through the crack between the planes, and will soon arrive. At that time… his power strength would be truly unleashed.” The Life Death Master said in a worried voice.
The Flame Master and the rest sighed. After which, they looked at the magnificent ice lotus. They could only hope that Lin Dong would be able to break out of the seal, and truly advance to the Ancestor stage in the little time that remain. Otherwise, the world would truly fall into the hands of the Yimo Emperor.
The moment the demonic figure was sliced into two, an astonishing light suddenly erupted from the evil eyes in the distant void. He seemed to look past space as his gaze fell upon the beautiful white figure. His originally emotionless and indifferent voice seemed to have been shaken a little, and it seemed to contain a trace of… joy?
“Has this power finally appeared once again?”





 Chapter 1307: Advancing into the Ancestor Stage
A gorgeous and alluring figure wearing a white dress, stood in the sky above the Chaotic Demon Sea. Meanwhile, she was holding a three feet long sword in her hand. Her long black hair fell to her narrow waist. At this moment, as she stared intently at the distant void, there was a cold and rarely seen stern expression on her perfect and flawless face. This was because at that spot, a terrifying pressure was moving rapidly towards them.
The Yimo Emperor was about to arrive.
Ling Qingzhu tightened the grip over her longsword, before she curled her red lips. Soon after, she lowered her head and glanced at the countless frightened and despairing eyes below. Then, she turned to look at that dazzling ice lotus. Promptly, a gentle emotion rose within her cold and clear eyes. 
“In the past, you have always been the one chasing after me. This time around, allow me to protect you.”
Following which, she increased the grip over her longsword, causing her delicate veins to protrude on her fair jade like skin. Meanwhile, a determined glint flashed across her stunning face. 
Countless individuals were staring at that gorgeous figure standing in the sky. A gentle breeze blew over, causing her long hair to flutter with the wind. Her cold and elegant disposition was similar to that of a fairy, and left one mesmerised. 
Rumble.
The low and deep devil thunder rumbling grew closer and closer. Following which, demonic aura, which looked just like storm clouds, descended from above the sky. Finally, in front of countless terrified pairs of eyes, they spread across the sky of the Chaotic Demon Sea.  
Meanwhile, deep within the churning demonic aura, there seemed to be a pair of diabolical eyes looking coldly at the entire world. Finally, that pair of eyes paused on Ling Qingzhu’s delicate and lovely figure.
“Such familiar strength…”
A cold and indifferent voice was slowly emitted from deep within the devil clouds. Moreover, it seemed as though that voice was that of a devil from the depths of hell. It was completely void of emotion. Instead, a terrifying strength, which caused the entire world to tremble in fear, radiated from it.
“Yimo Emperor…”
The Life Death Master’s group stared at the devil clouds that covered the sky, with a pale expression on their faces. Meanwhile, they could faintly spot a demonic aura throne. Moreover, seated on that throne, was a devil godlike figure. However, no one could discern his looks. 
“What a nostalgic place. However… it seems like that Symbol Ancestor fellow is no longer around. How unfortunate.”
A frightening pressure spread across the world as that voice slowly sounded. Promptly, he smirked. There seemed to be a hint of ridicule in his smirk, “That fellow, we clearly had the same goal. Yet, he insisted on taking the so-called righteous path…”
“Forget about it… In the end, I won.”
That man was laughing gently. Soon after, he turned his attention away from Ling Qingzhu and looked at the dazzling ice lotus instead. Immediately, his diabolical eyes, which were nested within the demon aura, hardened before he said, “Attempting to break into the Ancestor stage? It seems like I have indeed underestimated the living beings in this world. However, I’m afraid there is no way I will give you such an opportunity…”
Bang!
After his words sounded, the demonic aura in the sky suddenly surged. Immediately, viscous demonic aura swiftly gathered together, before it transformed into a huge cluster of black flames.
The flames curled and rose. In fact, even the empty space itself continuously released a cracking sound, as if it was being grilled. Meanwhile, endless evil seemed to be coursing within these flames.
“Swoosh!”
The black flames wiggled, before they faintly transformed into the face of a ferocious ghost. After which, the devil flames whizzed forward before they headed straight for the dazzling ice lotus.
Swish.
Ling Qingzhu’s delicate figure moved, before she instantly appeared in front of the dazzling ice lotus. Meanwhile, her stunning face was filled with an icy cold expression. Suddenly, waves of Primal Chaos Light swept out from within her body.
After the Primal Chaos Light erupted, the entire world seemingly roared in unison, as endless amounts of natural power began to converge manically.
“Zenith, slay the devil!”
Ling Qingzhu used her jade like hand to hold her three feet long sword, before she swung it down. She did not employ any fancy techniques. However, as she swung her sword, it actually left a several hundred thousand feet large deep gully on the Chaotic Demon Sea below.
A Primal Chaos sword glow whistled past, before it finally slashed against the frightening devil flames, which looked just like the face of a ghost. Immediately, the latter released a deafening miserable screech, and it was actually stopped by that ordinary looking sword glow. However, as the devil flames raged, they continuously eroded the Primal Chaos Light.
“You are actually able to make use of that strength till this extent… Indeed, it does seem to favour those that come from this world…” The devil godlike figure nested deep within the devil clouds sighed emotionally after witnessing this scene.
“However, this is way lacking…”
After his voice sounded, the devil flames, which were in the shape of a ghost’s face, suddenly released a piercing screech. Immediately, the devil flames soared in all directions, forcing the Primal Chaos sword glow to retreat continuously. Meanwhile, the Primal Chaos Light also became increasingly dim.
Ling Qingzhu was biting her red lips with the back of her teeth. Meanwhile, some sweat had appeared on her smooth forehead, while a pale expression flashed across her gorgeous face. Although she went down another path, which allowed her to possess unique and formidable strength, there was hardly anything she could do when up against the Yimo Emperor, who had descended personally into this world.
Right now, his absolute and overpowering strength was something that she could not contend with. 
“Hiss!”
The ferocious ghost face devil flames suddenly screeched. Then, it widened its huge mouth before it swallowed the Primal Chaos sword glow. Immediately, Ling Qingzhu’s body shook before a trace of blood seeped out from the corner of her mouth. However, she forcefully endured it.
Standing below, the Life Death Master’s group had a drastic change in their expressions when they saw this scene. It seems like they were indeed unable to stop him.
“You should be useful to me. Let me capture you first.”
Within the devil clouds, the devil godlike figure gave a faint smile. Following which, he extended his arm. Immediately, a humongous pale hand extended out from within the devil clouds before it attempted to grab Ling Qingzhu.
As that pale hand descended, a whine erupted, as though the world was unable to bear that burden. 
The space around Ling Qingzhu was completely sealed at this moment, causing her to be stuck. However, even in a precarious situation like this, she did not panic. Instead, she merely inhaled a deep breath of air, while the determination in her eyes grew denser.
Ling Qingzhu gently placed her long hands together. After which, she formed an extremely ancient seal technique. As this seal was formed, everyone could hear a buzzing sound erupt from the entire world.
“Swoosh swoosh!”
Many Primal Chaos Light rays shot out from different parts of the world. Finally, they enveloped Ling Qingzhu’s delicate figure. Meanwhile, after those rays of light enveloped her body, several ancient lines actually appeared on her crystal like skin.
These lines were just like the lines of the world, divine yet natural.
An intense Primal Chaos Light began to surge out from within Ling Qingzhu’s body. Meanwhile, her surrounding space, which had imprisoned her initially, began to loosen their grip. Finally, that large pale hand, which was attempting to grab her, was also blocked by the Primal Chaos Light.
However, this resistance was only a temporary solution. Immediately, the black devil veins on that large pale hand began to wiggle like dragons, before they began to force back the Primal Chaos Light.
Two frightening strength clashed in the sky. However, everyone could tell that the Primal Chaos Light was about to be extinguished.
The Life Death Master’s group clenched their fists tightly, and they were prepared to act at anytime. However, they knew that once they made a move, they had to ignite their Reincarnation. Otherwise, there was no way they could contend with the Yimo Emperor.
“Buzz.”
Under that large pale hand, the Primal Chaos Light became increasingly dim. In fact, it was pushed back continuously until it was only one hundred feet away from Ling Qingzhu. When she saw this, she secretly sighed in her heart. Following which, without hesitation, her body, which was covered with ancient lines, began to turn scorching hot. Meanwhile, intense pain spread across her entire body.
“Swoosh!”
At this moment, the Primal Chaos Light, which was being bitterly suppressed previously, began to push back at a frightening rate. In fact, it even pushed back that large pale hand until it began to tremble. Meanwhile, the crowd saw that the Primal Chaos Light around Ling Qingzhu’s body was becoming increasingly intense. After which, it appeared as though the entire world had begun to tremble.
“Is she planning to…”
When the Ancient Masters saw this scene, they were all shocked. Clearly, they realized that Ling Qingzhu was using a self-sacrificial method, similar to igniting one’s Reincarnation, to fight the Yimo Emperor.
“Are we doomed to sacrifice ourselves one after another…” Helplessness surged in their hearts as they glanced at each other.
Ling Qingzhu slowly shut her eyes. At this moment, she could sense that her body had merged with the entire world. Therefore, as long as she activated the next step, she would be able to unleash her greatest strength and stop the Yimo Emperor, buying some precious time for Lin Dong.
“Lin Dong, goodbye.”
A low and deep mutter sounded within Ling Qingzhu’s heart. After which, her hand seal changed. However, just as she was about to unleash the strength within her body, a resplendent glow suddenly erupted in this world. 
Under the illumination of that resplendent glow, Ling Qingzhu suddenly felt that another frightening strength had forced her out of her current state, whereby she was merged with the world. 
Right after she was forced out from that state, a familiar scent greeted her. Following which, a powerful arm wrapped around her delicate waist before he pulled her into his embrace.
“Don’t do that. I don’t want to experience that pain for a second time, alright?” He pulled her into his embrace and muttered. Meanwhile, there was pain in his voice, which could not be concealed. 
At this moment, that familiar scent and voice, caused even Ling Qingzhu’s calm lake like heart to tremble. She slowly lifted her head and looked at that face. In merely one month, his dark black eyes had became a lot older and deeper. In fact, it appeared as though he had went through thousands of Reincarnations.
“Leave everything else to me.”
Behind Lin Dong, a dazzling light, which permeated the sky, was still flowing in all directions. Then, he looked at Ling Qingzhu, before he gave a faint smile and said. 
“Aye.”
Ling Qingzhu’s delicate tensed up body promptly relaxed, before she quickly nodded.
Below them, the Chaotic Demon Sea erupted into an uproar. Countless individuals stared at Lin Dong, who had finally showed up, before wild joy rose on their faces… Has their wait finally paid off?
“Did he succeed?”
The Ancient Masters stared at Lin Dong, before all their hearts shuddered. With shock in their eyes, they turned to look at each other, before they realized that while they were all in shock, there was unconcealable joy on their faces as well. This was because they realized that the fluctuation given off by Lin Dong’s body was exactly the same as that of the Symbol Ancestor!
Evidently, he had advanced to the Ancestor stage!
There is hope for this world!
Standing in the sky, Lin Dong released Ling Qingzhu. Then, he lifted his head and looked deep into the devil clouds. Finally, a faint smile appeared as he said, “The great Yimo Emperor has arrived. On behalf of every living being in this world, allow me to apologize for the wait.”
In the sky, the whistling demonic aura was now being suppressed by the dazzling light, and it subsequently became quieter. After which, a devil light descended, before a black figure gradually appeared within the devil light. Finally, that light disappeared before a human figure appeared in front of the eyes of countless individuals.
That figure was that of a human. He was wearing black robes and he was fairly tall and handsome. However, Lin Dong’s eyes narrowed gently when he saw his face.
This was because he recognized that face. In fact, one could even say that that face was imprinted deep within his mind. This was because… that face was in fact that of Lin Langtian’s!





 Chapter 1308: The Final Fight
“Lin Langtian?!”
Ling Qingzhu, Little Flame and rest, who knew about Lin Langtian, felt their hearts tremble when they saw this scene. Meanwhile, rich disbelief and shock surged within their eyes.
Lin Langtian was actually the Yimo Emperor? How is this possible?
 
“He is not Lin Langtian…”
Lin Dong’s dark black eyes were staring at that familiar figure. However, there were hardly any fluctuations within his eyes. This was because he knew that the person standing in front of him merely had the same looks as Lin Langtian. 
“Haha, this is only because I detected that your emotions had a violent reaction towards this man…” The Yimo Emperor smiled. Then, he looked at his own body before he smilingly said, “It seems like using this appearance had quite a huge impact on all of you.”
“Your appearance truly gives me the impulse to kill you for the second time.” Lin Dong said in a faint voice. Although Lin Langtian had died in his hands back then, he did not mind killing ‘him’ a second time.
However… it’s just as well. My cultivation journey began with Lin Langtian. Now that I have reached the pinnacle, I shall resolve all my grudges with you. This is despite the fact that the “Lin Langtian" standing in front of me is not the actual person.
Lin Langtian laughed as he slowly sized up Lin Dong. Finally, he sighed and said, “I never expected that someone else was actually able to reach the Ancestor stage. It seems like I have miscalculated. The Symbol Ancestor had also left a hidden move.”
“This world does not belong to you. You should return to where you came from.” Lin Dong lowered his eyes before he said in an indifferent manner.
“I am able to sense your hatred towards me. It seems like you must have paid quite a hefty price in order to reach the Ancestor stage. Are you willing to let me go just like this?’ Lin Langtian laughed and said.
“I am indeed a little unwilling…”
Lin Dong lifted his head and inhaled a deep breath of air. Then, he looked at the sky and there seemed to be the outline of a lovely young lady flashing at that spot. After which, it gradually disappeared.
In order for me to reach this stage, I had to lose her… Therefore, if I do not kill you bastard, that would be… truly upsetting. 
An icy cold ferocity slowly rose within Lin Dong’s eyes. Soon after, everyone felt that the entire world was beginning to buzz and tremble. Following which, countless dazzling rays of light surged from all directions, before they gathered behind Lin Dong.
“In that case, you should stay!”
Lin Dong clenched his hand before eight rays of light rushed over. After which, they circled around him. They were in fact the eight great Ancestral Symbols.
Swoosh swoosh.
Soon after, many rays of light rushed over. They were the nine great divine objects, which included the Ancestor Stone, Great Desolate Tablet etc… 
“You have finally succeeded…”
A glow surfaced on the Ancestor Stone, before Yan looked at Lin Dong. When he realized that the pressure radiating from the latter was similar to that of the Symbol Ancestor, a pleased and satisfied expression rose within his eyes.
Who could have imagined that this weak young man from Qingyang Town, would now stand at the apex of this world. In fact, since the beginning of time, only the Symbol Ancestor could hold a candle to him.
“I shall change all of you temporarily.”
Lin Dong smiled towards Yan. However, his smile seemed a little tragic. After which, he clenched his hand, before the nine great divine objects began to connect with each other. Then, they seemingly transformed into an ancient seven coloured spear. Meanwhile, a terrifying force was flowing across the body of this spear.
Currently, Lin Dong had advanced to the highest level in this world. In fact, his strength was no longer inferior to that of the Symbol Ancestor. Therefore, although the nine great divine objects were all extremely powerful, they still merged and bent according to his will.
Lin Dong was holding onto a seven coloured spear, while the eight Ancestral Symbols danced around him. A pressure, which could tower over the world, radiated from him. Immediately, this caused countless experts down in the Chaotic Demon Sea to tremble in excitement.
This was genuine hope!
Only with such absolute strength, could one finally stop the devil godlike Yimo Emperor!
“Kill me? This was something that even the Symbol Ancestor failed to do. Therefore, what can you do even if you have reached his cultivation level?” Lin Langtian smiled faintly as he looked at the seven coloured light surging in all directions behind Lin Dong.
“Bang!”
Lin Dong did not reply. He pointed his hands at Lin Langtian, before he suddenly clenched them. Promptly, the hundred thousand feet empty space seemingly collapsed, before a frightening force, which could even shatter a Reincarnation stage expert who had passed three Reincarnation Tribulations, gushed forward.
Lin Langtian placed his hands together, before black ink like flames swept out from within his body and forcefully blocked the space shattering pressurizing force.
“Haha, in that case, allow this emperor to experience how powerful the new ancestor really is?!”
Lin Langtian laughed out loud. Following which, monstrous demonic aura surged behind him before it actually transformed into several million feet tall viscous demonic aura torrents. These torrents streaked across the sky in a grand and mighty fashion, before they meandered like large devil dragons and charged forward.
Bang bang!
Countless individuals were shocked when they saw that wherever these demonic aura torrents swept past, the space would collapse instantly, before numerous black cracks quickly spread across the sky. 
The demonic aura torrents finally arrived. Lin Dong gently stomped his foot, before dazzling light swept out from all directions. This dazzling light contained an endless amount of Yuan Power and mighty Mental Energy. In fact, it contained the strength of the entire world.
Meanwhile, the seven coloured light transformed into a huge light disc, that was millions of feet in size. That disc slowly rotated, allowing the demonic aura torrents to whiz over before they finally slammed ruthlessly against its surface.
Boom boom!
The world trembled at this moment. In fact, the word ‘terrifying’ could hardly give justice to a fight like this. After all, just the frightening fluctuations given off by their attacks alone, would cause a Reincarnation stage expert’s face to turn pale. Moreover, they knew that with their current strength, they would perish the instant they came into contact with their attacks.
With a grave expression on their faces, the Life Death Master’s group stared at the both of them, who were fighting it out in the sky. The strength of the Yimo Emperor should be equivalent to an expert at the Ancestor stage. Therefore, both Lin Dong and the Yimo Emperor were at the same level and a fight between them was definitely going to be an earth shaking one.
“However… In the past, teacher and the Yimo Emperor fought bitterly as well. However, it’s difficult for either party to emerge victorious since there is only a small gap between them…”
The Life Death Master hesitated for a moment before speaking, “That previous world war lasted for several years. Eventually, teacher had no choice but to ignite his Reincarnation in order to seal the Yimo Emperor and the crack between the planes…”
When they heard her words, the Flame Master and the rest frowned tightly. Since this was what happened in the past, could it be that Lin Dong would also have to ignite his Reincarnation in order to seal the Yimo Emperor? In that case, wouldn't the situation enter into a cycle? 
“That is not necessarily the case… It is possible for Lin Dong to kill the Yimo Emperor.” The Life Death Master mused before she said solemnly.
“Do you mean… the top ranked divine object?” The Flame Master’s group was startled. Then, they frowned and said, “The top ranked divine object… what exactly is it?”
Even they did not know much about the so-called top ranked divine object. The only thing they knew was that even their teacher failed to gain control of that top ranked divine object. Otherwise, the first world war would have ended with their complete victory.
They turned to look at each other with a lost expression in their eyes. The top ranked divine object was simply far too mysterious… 
“The top ranked divine object… should be the Zenith’s source of power.” A soft voice suddenly appeared. The Life Death Master turned her head before she saw Ling Qingzhu walking to her side. 
“The Zenith’s source of power?” The Life Death Master’s group was startled. They knew about the power of the Zenith. Moreover, the Symbol Ancestor had allowed them to sense it back then. However, only the Ice Master was able to do so successfully.
“Aye.”
Ling Qingzhu gently nodded her head. Meanwhile, a faint light was flowing within her pretty eyes. As if she was overlooking the entire world, she said, “I am only able to sense it. However, it is impossible for me to control it. I’m afraid that only experts who have reached the Ancestor stage are able to do so.”
“Can Lin Dong do it?” The Life Death Master quickly asked.
“He has learnt the Zenith Sensing Art and sensed the Zenith. I think that he should have deduced something by now… however, I do not know whether he can control it. After all, even the Symbol Ancestor failed to do so…” An obscure emotion flashed across Ling Qingzhu’s pretty eyes as she said.
The Life Death Master’s group nodded. Currently, they were unable to provide any form of assistance to Lin Dong. Therefore, all they could do was to hope that Lin Dong was able to control the top ranked divine object… 
Boom boom!
Above the sky, there were two glowing figures, that were both giving off a terrifying pressure. Meanwhile, both of them manipulated their frightening strength before they clashed ruthlessly. Furthermore, each time they clashed, the surrounding space would collapse rapidly. 
Wild gales swept across the world, while the sky and ground trembled. It felt like the apocalypse had arrived.
After Lin Dong advanced to the Ancestor stage, he could utilize the strength in this world as he pleased. Meanwhile, the Yimo Emperor had an endless amount of demonic aura. Therefore, even though the both of them were fighting manically, neither of them showed any signs of weakness.
Clang!
The seven coloured spear was accompanied by dazzling light as it shot forward. Finally, it collided with the devil spear in a lightning quick fashion. Immediately, the eyes of both parties turned stern and icy cold, before dazzling light and demonic aura surged wildly behind their backs. 
Roar!
Dazzling light agglomerated manically behind Lin Dong, before it transformed into a million feet tall seven coloured dragon. That dragon meandered before it released a long roar, which reverberated through every corner of the world.
Howl!
Meanwhile, a monstrous devil figure had also appeared behind the Yimo Emperor. Moreover, this devil figure was not lacking in size compared to the seven coloured giant dragon. It had numerous devil arms and there was a large diabolical eye in every devil palm. Meanwhile, there was a cold and cruel glint flashing on every single one of them.
Boom!
The seven coloured giant dragon and the devil figure charged forward violently. After which, both of them clashed in the sky, before an indescribable ripple swept forth. Instantly, huge hundred thousand feet tall waves were formed on the Chaotic Demon Sea below, before they spread in a rumbling fashion.
Energy ripples swept from the spot where the both of them clashed. Their figures shook before both of them quickly retreated by thousands of feet. Moreover, every time their feet landed, the surrounding space would be shattered.
The fight between the two of them was so terrifying that it could shake the world. However, a final victor could not be determined.
“Like I said, the best that an ultimate Ancestor stage expert can do, is to match up to me. In the past, there was nothing the Symbol Ancestor could do to this emperor. Therefore, even less needs to be said about you.” The Yimo Emperor gently jerked the devil spear in his hand, before his surrounding space shattered. Then, he spoke with a faint smile.
“Soon after, my Yimo army will continuously enter this world through the crack between the planes. At that time, how will you possibly defend your world?”
When they heard this, the expression of countless experts below changed immediately. Then, they turned to look at the crack between the planes, that was located far in the distant void. At that spot, they saw that there was indeed an endless stream of demonic aura gushing through. Moreover, there seemed to be countless devil figures present within.
The Life Death Master’s group had a grave expression on their faces. This was because they knew that once the Yimo tribe arrives, the next world war will break out. At that time, they will definitely have to pay an extremely terrible price.
Lin Dong also lifted his head and looked at the crack between the planes. Soon after, he looked at the Yimo Emperor, who bore Lin Langtian’s appearance, before he spoke in a soft and slow manner, “Though the Symbol Ancestor failed, it doesn’t mean that I will.”
“This is because this is our world.”
A strange glint flashed across the eyes of the Yimo Emperor.
“Why don’t you tell me why you came to our plane? It can’t just be because you want to invade and massacre us, am I right?” Lin Dong asked.
The Yimo Emperor slowly increased the grip over his devil spear. Meanwhile, a cold glint was flowing within his devil eyes. However, he showed no intentions of replying to Lin Dong’s question. Instead, terrifying demonic aura swept out from within his body.  
“It seems like you do not want to tell me why. However… even if you don’t tell me, I know the reason why.” Lin Dong smiled and said. “You came here for a certain object, am I right?”
“That thing that you are after should be the so-called top ranked divine object in this plane, am I right?”
The Yimo Emperor stared at Lin Dong. Finally, he gave a derisive laugh before he said, “It seems like you are quite knowledgeable… In that case, do you know where the legendary Symbol Ancestor, the man whom you all deeply respect, came from?” 
Lin Dong narrowed his eyes.
“The legendary Symbol Ancestor did not come from your world. Instead, he came from the same place as I did. Moreover, the reason why he came here was exactly the same as me.” 
The Yimo Emperor chuckled before he said, “Isn’t it ironic? Your world savior actually had something else in mind. It’s just that he chose a different path from me.” 
The expressions of the Ancient Masters turned pale, while their bodies began to tremble violently. Clearly, they were greatly shocked by this news.
“I realized this after I advanced to the Ancestor stage.”
The only person in the world who was still able to remain calm was Lin Dong. He stared at the Yimo Emperor and said in a faint voice, “Do not compare yourself with the Symbol Ancestor. Though he might not be from our world, regardless of what motives he had, at the very least, we know that he once saved countless lives in this world. Just this fact alone is enough…” 
The commotion in the Chaotic Demon Sea gradually died down as countless individuals nodded in agreement. It didn’t matter what the Symbol Ancestor’s objective was. If it was not for him, this world would have already been destroyed.
“Tsk.”
The Yimo Emperor chuckled. However, it was clear that he did not not wish to continue this conversation. Therefore, he stared at Lin Dong and said, “Currently, you are the hope of this world. Therefore, after I kill you, the entire world should sink into despair, am I right?” 
“Both of us are at the same level and it is indeed no mean feat to kill you. However… over the years where I was sealed, I have also considered this worst case scenario.”
“Back then, I was unwilling to pay the price to deal with the Symbol Ancestor. In the end, he turned the tables on me. However, I will not make the same mistake again!”
“As long as I can suppress you for thousands of years, victory shall be mine!” 
Following which, a strange expression flashed across the face of the Yimo Emperor. Soon after, his body began to swell crazily. Within a short moment, he had turned into a ten thousand arm devil figure that towered over the world. Meanwhile, every one of his fearsome looking devil arm was covered with numerous diabolical eyes. As these eyes slowly opened up, destructive light rays were promptly emitted.
Bang bang bang!
The instant the true form of the devil god body appeared, the numerous devil arms on his body exploded, before devil blood spurted forth in all directions. 
Swoosh swoosh.
The instant the devil arms exploded, the diabolical devil eyes within these arms promptly shot forward. Following which, they floated above the Yimo Emperor. When these numerous diabolical eyes blinked together, it was a frightening sight that caused one’s scalp to turn numb.
“Devil Tablet of No Beginning!”
A low and deep voice, which was filled with dark chillness, reverberated through the sky. Next, numerous devil eyes began to merge before they faintly transformed into a ten million feet tall black devil tablet. Meanwhile, countless devil eyes were carved into this devil tablet. When they blinked, everyone felt as though the energy in this world was being polluted.
“Buzz buzz!”
The moment this devil tablet was formed, piercing sharp screeches sounded from behind the crack between the planes. Subsequently, devil figures came gushing through the crack in all directions.
It was the Yimo tribe army!
Moreover, the scale of this army was several times larger than that of the Devil Prison!
“They… are truly out in force this time around…”
When the Life Death Master’s group saw this scene, their faces turned pale instantly. This was because the scale of this invasion even exceeds that of the great world war during the ancient times. Clearly, this time around, the Yimo tribe had mobilized their entire tribe!
It seems like they were in dire straits this time around.
The Ancient Masters clenched their fists. Regardless of whether they chose to admit it, the strength of the Yimo tribe exceeded that of this world. Therefore, if the Yimo tribe chose to mobilize their entire tribe and invade them, they would clearly be in a disadvantage. 
“Tribute to the tablet!”
The Yimo Emperor’s dark, cold and cruel voice resounded again.
Bang bang bang!
However, right after his voice sounded, countless Yimo, who had charged into this world, suddenly roared towards the sky. Following which, they exploded continuously, before their viscous black blood flowed continuously towards the devil tablet, which was packed with devil eyes.
Buzz!
Within less than ten breaths, countless Yimo had already exploded. Meanwhile, the devil tablet was completely drenched with black blood and flesh. As the blood and flesh wiggled, together with the devil eyes, it created an exceptionally terrifying sight.
Moreover, a dark and chilly fluctuation, which caused even the world to tremble, was slowly being emitted from within the devil tablet.
This fluctuation even caused the Life Death Master, Ling Qingzhu and the rest to feel fearful, while dense uneasiness surged within their hearts.
Lin Dong’s expression also changed because of that terrifying devil tablet. Promptly, a thought passed through his mind before the eight great Ancestral Symbols rushed out. Monstrous flames, cold ice, thunderbolts and tens of thousands of black holes promptly appeared above the Yimo Emperor. In fact, the strength of the eight great Ancestral Symbols were pushed to their limits.
Boom boom!
However, up against the encirclement attack from the eight great Ancestral Symbols, the numerous devil eyes on the devil tablet released monstrous demonic aura light rays, which managed to force the Ancestral Symbols to retreat. Meanwhile, demonic aura lingered around them and the Ancestral Symbols even dimmed slightly.
“This emperor will destroy his true body and sacrifice half of his tribe in return for suppressing you today!” 
Currently, the true body of the Yimo Emperor was only left with two arms. Meanwhile, he was staring at Lin Dong viciously with his devil eyes. This was because even for someone like him, he had to recuperate for several millennia after paying a price like this. However, he knew that he would have accomplished his objective as long as he was able to get rid of Lin Dong.
After all, as long as he could obtain that item, he would grow stronger than before!
“Devil Tablet of no Beginning, Ten Thousand Devil Seal!”
A low and deep roar rumbled and reverberated through the sky. Following which, the ten million feet tall devil tablet vanished before it appeared above Lin Dong in a flash. Next, numerous devil light rays swept down and imprisoned the entire world. Then, a fearsome looking scarlet red devil seal materialized under the devil tablet, before it subsequently pressed down towards Lin Dong in a rumbling fashion.
Down in the Chaotic Demon Sea, every sea region within a hundred thousand mile radius was forcefully torn apart. The world cracked as piercing wailing rang out. It was as though the world could not handle this burden. 
With a solemn expression on his face, Lin Dong shot forward together with the seven coloured spear in his hand. The eight great Ancestral Symbols immediately followed behind. Just like large dragons, they smashed at the falling devil tablet.
Bang bang!
However, when the seven coloured spear made contact with the devil tablet, it released a sharp cry before it dimmed immediately. Subsequently, it blew apart and transformed back into the nine great divine objects.
Meanwhile, the eight great Ancestral Symbols had also suffered huge damage. In fact, cracks had actually appeared on these ancient symbols.
“Lin Dong, be careful. The Yimo Emperor wants to suppress you!”
Yan had a pale expression on his face as he appeared in a flash and cried out loud. Clearly, after the Yimo Emperor suffered a huge loss in the past, he was planning to seize the initiative this time around. Moreover, the strength that came from sacrificing his true body and half his tribe was simply far too terrifying. 
When they saw this scene, countless experts in the Chaotic Demon Sea trembled violently, while rich horror surged in their eyes. After all, if Lin Dong failed, was there anyone else in this world who could stop the Yimo Emperor?
The Ancient Masters also clenched their hands tightly. Currently, the Yimo Emperor looked even more frightening and maniacal compared to before.
Countless pairs of eyes whistled over from all directions before they sealed Lin Dong’s surroundings. Following which, that fearsome looking scarlet red devil seal also whizzed over. Moreover, even Lin Dong felt severely endangered from the energy flowing on this seal.
In fact, even though he had advanced to the Ancestor stage, there was likely no way he could resist such strength. 
After all, the Yimo Emperor had directly paid a hefty price in order to kill him. However, by doing so, the Yimo Emperor had also suffered terrible injuries, which he could not easily recover from. Despite so, there was still no one else in this world who was able to stop him. 
However, could one use normal means to block an all-out attack from the Yimo Emperor?
“It is impossible for Lin Dong to block this attack unless he ignites his Reincarnation…” The Life Death Master’s group looked at the situation in the sky before their hearts sunk.
Standing in the sky, Lin Dong looked at the devil tablet that was attempting to suppress him, before he actually shut his eyes. This was because he knew that if he wanted to stop the threat from the Yimo tribe, he had to kill the Yimo Emperor and not merely seal the latter. 
However, even though he had advanced to the Ancestor stage, it was still an extremely challenging task to kill the Yimo Emperor. That’s unless… he controlled the top ranked divine object!
Although Lin Dong did not have an in depth knowledge regarding the top ranked divine object, he had advanced to the Ancestor stage. Therefore, it was possible for him to vaguely detect something… Moreover, it was a familiar sensation.
It was… the Zenith.
What did the Zenith mean?
At this moment, Lin Dong’s consciousness seemed to have merged with the world as he could arrive anywhere in this world with just a single thought. Countless mountains, rivers and plains flashed across his mind. Finally, all of them returned to the void… 
What was the Zenith?
“All of you, protect me. I will assist him!”
Ling Qingzhu appeared to have realized something as well, as she suddenly commanded the Life Death Master’s group. After which, she shut her pretty eyes immediately before her consciousness merged with the world.
Lin Dong’s mind was in deep thought. While he was probing, all of a sudden, he felt that a gentle consciousness had appeared. After which, that consciousness drifted towards him. Meanwhile, there were rich emotions within.
This consciousness originated from Ling Qingzhu’s mind. 
“I will take you to the Zenith…”
Ling Qingzhu’s voice sounded from within that consciousness. Meanwhile, there was a hint of embarrassment in her voice. Subsequently, Lin Dong realized that the gentle consciousness had in fact merged together with his.
The moment both their consciousness merged, both of them trembled violently. This was a spiritual merger, whereby they both had pieces of each other in their respective minds. 
After their consciousness merged, the both of them became absent-minded for a moment. After which, their consciousness drifted towards the void. Meanwhile, the entire world was reflected within their consciousness.
Their consciousness overlooked the entire world. Subsequently, Primal Chaos Light appeared within the void. It was the location of the Zenith, which he had sensed before.
Both their consciousness entered the Primal Chaos. This time around, the stinging pain and powerful repulsive force that appeared the previous time, had disappeared completely. Instead, Lin Dong’s consciousness began to gather together, before his body appeared within the Primal Chaos. 
Following which, Ling Qingzhu also appeared beside him. However, there was a flush on her beautiful and pale face.
“This place is the so-called Zenith… can you detect it?” Ling Qingzhu softly said.
Lin Dong shut his eyes before his mind seemingly merged with the Primal Chaos. At that spot, he could sense the consciousness of a living being. However, it had an extremely simple mind, and it was almost like the mind of a baby. 
It was the Dimension Fetus.
A thought flashed across Lin Dong’s mind. At this moment, he came to a sudden comprehension. The so-called Zenith was the spirit of this dimension and it was the ultimate existence in this world.
However, that existence was not capable of thought. Nevertheless, it was the strongest living being in this world.
The so-called Zenith power originated from it.
Moreover, the Yimo Emperor and the Symbol Ancestor came because of it. This was because as long as one obtained it, one would become the Dimension Master and possess the strength of the entire dimension!
However, since they were not born in this word, there was always going to be a gap between them and the Dimension Fetus.
In the past, the Symbol Ancestor detected it. However, when he made contact with it, he failed to gain control of it… 
“It is indeed worthy of being crowned as the top ranked divine object in this world…”
Lin Dong’s consciousness slowly approached the Dimension Fetus. Meanwhile, the latter seemed to have detected his presence as well. Promptly, Primal Chaos Light surged before it vanished.
When Lin Dong saw that it was futile to give chase, his footsteps stopped. Then, he lifted his head before he looked at the Primal Chaos. Next, he slowly spread both his arms, before his deep and mighty voice resounded across the Primal Chaos. 
“Follow me. I was born and raised here. From today onwards, I will protect this plane!”
“Protect it!”
“Protect!”
A low and deep voice reverberated through the Primal Chaos, before it echoed continuously. 
Lin Dong looked at the deepest part of the Primal Chaos. However, he did not take the initiative to approach it. Nonetheless, the determination deep within his eyes remained unbudging. His determination could move anyone.
His eyes were staring at the deepest part of the Primal Chaos. However, nothing was happening at that spot. A long while later, right after Ling Qingzhu gave a gentle sigh, a dazzling light suddenly swept forward before the entire Primal Chaos began to tremble violently.  
Primal Chaos Light began to agglomerate in front of Lin Dong, before it transformed into a palm sized spiritual fetus. That spiritual fetus gently approached Lin Dong, before it finally landed in his palm.
The instant Lin Dong touched the Dimension Fetus, a mysterious sensation rose from deep within his heart. In fact, it felt… as though he had became the master of this dimension!
This meant that he had absolute control over this dimension.
The master of this dimension!
　　……
In the sky above the Chaotic Demon Sea, while he was being stared at by countless shocked filled eyes, the devil tablet finally slammed ruthlessly against Lin Dong’s body. Following which, a brutal expression flashed across the Yimo Emperor’s face.
This plane was finally his!
Buzz!
However, the instant the brutal expression appeared on his face, he saw that a hundred thousand feet large Primal Chaos Light curtain had suddenly swept out from beneath the devil tablet. Immediately, the tablet, which was about to suppress Lin Dong, froze at this moment. 
“This world ultimately belongs to us and you are not qualified to act as you please, Yimo Emperor…”
A somewhat hoarse voice slowly sounded from beneath the devil tablet. At that spot, a figure had slowly lifted his head before he looked at the devil tablet, which was in close proximity to him. After which, he slowly extended his hand before he made contact with it. 
“Therefore, shatter!”
A sharp glint suddenly erupted within Lin Dong’s eyes. Following which, a muffled sound, which resembled that of a heartbeat, reverberated through every corner of this world. In fact, it seemed as though this heartbeat sound was created by gathering the heartbeat of every living being in this world. 
Bang bang bang!
On the devil tablet, countless evil eyes exploded one after another. Meanwhile, miserable screeches were also emitted continuously from the devil tablet.
Countless individuals were staring in shock at this sudden unexpected development.
“Bang!”
Cracks emerged on the tablet before it finally blew apart. Following which, the Yimo Emperor’s body also trembled violently. When he saw this scene, a trace of fear suddenly surged within his eyes.
“Dimension strength?! You’ve managed to gain control of the Dimension Fetus?!”
The Yimo Emperor’s furious roar echoed across this world. Moreover, everyone could tell that there was a trace of shock within his voice.
Countless onlookers lifted their heads to look at the sky, only to see a skinny figure slowly walking out from within the Primal Chaos Light. Moreover, with each footstep, the world seemingly roared in unison.
An authoritative pressure, which could not be described with words, radiated from his body.
Thanks to this divine might, countless individuals, who were located at the surface of the ocean down below, actually fell to their knees. Meanwhile, there was a fervent and reverent expression in their eyes as they stared at that figure. In fact, it looked as though they were subjects who had saw their emperor. 
His might towered over the entire world.
“Martial Ancestor…”
No one knew who had uttered these words. However, his voice began to spread rapidly. In the next moment, countless voices reverberated through the world.
“Martial Ancestor, protect the world!”
Standing in the sky, as that figure slowly walked forward, the evil demonic aura, which had once permeated the sky, was actually being pushed back. It looked as though the entire plane was resisting it.
The Yimo Emperor true body was also forced to step back. In fact, he looked rather miserable as he was being pressured by that aura.
“This dimension… has a Dimension Master finally appeared…” The Yimo Emperor clenched his teeth. Meanwhile, the fury and dissatisfaction in his eyes seemed to have eroded his logical mind. After all, he had paid a massive price and was even sealed by the Symbol Ancestor for so many years. However, who could have imagined that Lin Dong would wound up benefiting instead, and become the Dimension Master of this dimension!
With a stern expression on his face, Lin Dong stared at the Yimo Emperor. Subsequently, he turned and faced the crack between the planes. Then, he swung his hand before the Primal Chaos Light curtain swept forward. Soon after, the Yimo Emperor was shocked when he realized that the crack between the planes was actually being slowly mended.
The ability to repair the dimension was a power that belonged exclusively to its Dimension Master.
“Retreat!”
The expression in the eyes of the Yimo Emperor was in flux. Finally, he released an angry roar. Following which, his Yimo army began to flee upon hearing this. Clearly, they realized that something was amiss.
“Like I said, since you guys have came all the way here, you can stay here forever. Since the Symbol Ancestor was unable to kill you, I shall do it on his behalf.”
Lin Dong spoke in an indifferent manner. Meanwhile, his words were filled with absolute authority. In fact, it seemed as though the entire world resonated with him. Subsequently, he extended his hand before endless Primal Chaos Light gushed forward. Then, it transformed into an incredibly huge light fetus above the Yimo Emperor.
The light fetus was even bobbing gently. However, each time it bobbed, the hearts of every living being in this world would jump as well.
“Dimension Fetus?!”
When the Yimo Emperor saw that glowing fetus, dense greed and shock flashed across his eyes. Soon after, he gritted his teeth, while his face was filled with dissatisfaction. Nonetheless, he was a decisive individual. Since Lin Dong had became the Dimension Master, he knew that he was no match for him. 
With this thought in mind, the body of the Yimo Emperor shot forward as he attempted to escape from the crack between the planes before it was fully mended.
“Swoosh!”
However, his body had only just moved before he shockingly realized that the world was rotating. In fact, the space where he was located seemed to have been shifted. Only after he recovered his senses, did he realize that he was already within the Dimension Fetus!
“Lin Dong, let me go. I swear that I will never invade your dimension ever again!” The Yimo Emperor hurriedly cried out. At this moment, he finally felt that his life was in danger. In fact, this endangered sensation was something that he did not experience even when the Symbol Ancestor ignited his Reincarnation.
Lin Dong stared at him coldly. 
 In order to deal with you, I lost the most important person in my life. Therefore, just expelling you alone cannot ease the fury in my heart! 
“Dimension purification, return to the void!”
A low voice was emitted from Lin Dong’s mouth. It was like endless thunder as it reverberated through the sky. Soon after, an endless light suddenly erupted from within the Dimension Fetus. Following which, that light shone on the body of the Yimo Emperor, before he immediately released a miserable screech. Finally, his massive body shrunk rapidly, while the viscous demonic aura around him disappeared at a frightening rate.
“Your invasion has brought numerous calamities to this world. Now, you shall pay with your life.”
Lin Dong suddenly clenched his hand, before the enormous Dimension Fetus shrunk rapidly. Finally, it turned into the size of a palm before it slowly landed in Lin Dong’s hand. Meanwhile, it was still possible to see a tiny black figure in the middle of the light fetus. After all, the Yimo Emperor had a sturdy lifeforce and even with the strength of the Dimension Fetus, it would take hundreds of years in order to completely purify him. However, Lin Dong could afford to wait. After all, from today onwards, there was no way the Yimo Emperor could ever make a comeback!
The Yimo scourge, which had wreaked havoc in this world for thousands of years, was finally exterminated today!
When they saw this scene, countless individuals were so excited that their bodies began to tremble. The destroyer, who had once caused them to sink into despair, was finally subdued!
At the same time, there was unrestrained joy on the Life Death Master group’s faces. After all, they had waited for this day for a very long time…
“We will never forget how the Martial Ancestor saved the world!”
The rebirth after despair caused countless individuals to be so excited that hot tears flooded their eyes. In fact, countless individuals were trembling as they knelt down. Meanwhile, excited and grateful voices gathered together, before they resounded through the world.
Lin Dong looked at the land, which was covered with scars. Then, he slowly lifted his head and heard the respectful voices that were rumbling across the sky. Next, he turned his head and looked at the crack between the planes, which was slowly mending. Meanwhile, it looked as though there was a beautiful figure with a warm smile slowly disappearing at that spot.
Lin Dong clenched his hands. His eyes were filled with unwavering determination as he said, “I have fulfilled your promise with the Symbol Ancestor. Next, it’s time for me to fulfill my promise to you.”
Regardless of where you are, I will definitely bring you back!





 Chapter 1309: I Will Bring You Back (Finale!)
The second world war finally came to an end with the death of the Yimo Emperor.
Such a result caused the world to completely descend into celebration. The hope after despair that everyone experienced contained excitement and elation that was difficult to suppress.
Originally, they had thought that this world would fall under the control of the Yimo. Who could have imagined that there would be a final twist at the end of this road. Not only did they turn the situation around, they had also completely eliminated all threat from the Yimo.
This world, which had been ravaged by the Yimo for a long time, had finally become peaceful. 
One month after the end of the world war, the three great alliances began to disband one after another. Everything returned to the right track. There would perhaps still be many cruel struggles in the world, but there would also be a continuous stream of strong individuals being honed from such struggled. In the far off and distant future, a monster like genius might once again appear from nowhere, and advance into the legendary Ancestor stage.
The world would ultimately continue to progress.
However, everyone knew that even if someone else advanced to the Ancestor stage, that person would have difficulty surpassing the figure who had rescued them at their most hopeless moment.
The Martial Ancestor, Lin Dong.
Ultimate Ancestor stage experts might appear many times, but his other status was unique. No one could surpass it. It was the Dimension Master.
The true master of this plane!
Back then, the reason the Symbol Ancestor and Yimo Emperor had come to this world, was to control the Dimension Fetus and become the Dimension Master in order to obtain greater power.
However, they had ultimately failed, while Lin Dong had succeeded.
　　……
Within Dao Sect, Lin Dong stood beside a cliff on a towering peak. He lowered his head and looked at Dao Sect under the swirling clouds. Ling Qingzhu, Qingtan, Little Marten, Little Flame, the Life Death Master and the others were standing behind him and looking at his back. Although this back appeared rather thin, it possess a prestige which could not be described.
This prestige originated from his position as the Dimension Master.
“I am prepared. Although she ignited her Reincarnation, it has not been long since she did so. There should still be some of her Reincarnation fragments in this world. If I can find her Reincarnation fragments, I will be able to send her into a Reincarnation and even ensure her memories remain.” Lin Dong gazed at Dao Sect. He slowly began to speak a moment later.
“How much confidence do you have?” Joy flashed across the Flame Master and the rest’s eyes when they heard this. However, he still asked in a worried manner. Although Lin Dong was all powerful now, igniting one’s Reincarnation was equivalent to death. How could it possibly be easy to save someone after that?
“It should be fifty percent.”
Lin Dong muttered. A trace of worry had unknowingly flashed in his heart, while his hand involuntarily clenched tightly. Although he currently possessed the strongest power in this world, what was the purpose of such strength if he could not even save someone he loved?
He cultivated for the sake of protecting those whom he wished to protect. Yet, he now discovered that he could not do so… 
A soft hand gently held his large hand. There was a smooth and warm feeling from it, causing Lin Dong’s emotions to calm down. He turned his head and looked at the fairy like Ling Qingzhu in white. Her pretty eyes were quietly looking at him. The gentleness within them could not be hidden.
“Thank you.”
Lin Dong also gave a tender look to Ling Qingzhu, who had not spoken much. Gratitude and warmth flowed within his heart as he tightly held her hand.
She had always been like this, quietly hiding all of her emotions deep within her heart. She could give up her haughtiness for him, and become gentle to comfort him. When his heart was at its weakest, she always quietly stood by his side. Even if she did not speak, such actions were able to let Lin Dong feel some warmth. However, this stubborness of hers would at time cause one’s heart to ache slightly.
“In the past, I only watched you from afar. Now, I will have to try and make up for it.” Ling Qingzhu smiled and softly said.
Lin Dong grinned. Given Ling Qingzhu’s aloof character, only by truly walking into the deepest part of her heart would one be able to break the layers of cold ice that pushed others far away, and enjoy the passion and gentleness reserved for a single person. It was evident that Lin Dong had initially not reached this level. Hence, the Ling Qingzhu of that time did not have any responsibility to take care of him, and there was no reason for compensation.
“If we are talking about compensation, you have already done so when you taught me the Zenith Sensing Art…”
Ling Qingzhu was slightly startled, and her pretty face quickly flushed red. She bit her red lips and stared at Lin Dong. In her eyes was a bashfulness that could not be hidden. “You… you know about it?”
“I have known since the beginning…” Lin Dong looked at Ling Qingzhu with very tender eyes.
Ling Qingzhu’s teeth bit her red lips tightly. She lifted her hand in embarrassment and gently hammered Lin Dong’s arm. She had originally thought that she had hid it very well. It was  unexpectedly that this fellow had actually been putting up an act.
“You should quickly begin.”
Lin Dong smiled and nodded. Without further ado, he sat down on the mountain peak as both of his eyes slowly shut.
Ling Qingzhu and the others by the side could feel an extremely mysterious fluctuation being emitted when he shut his eyes. This fluctuation was very swift. In the blink of an eye, it had already enveloped the entire world. After which, it began to search inch by an inch, attempting to find the Reincarnation fragments that might have been scattered in this world.
Lin Dong’s will spread over this world. He used the Power of the Dimension and searched for a certain familiar presence that existed deep in his heart… 
This search took an entire month.
However, Lin Dong’s face gradually paled with the flow of time. He realised that despite having activated the Dimension Power to search every corner of this world, he was still unable to find even a slight trace of those familiar Reincarnation fragments.
This futile effort caused slivers of panic to rise in his calm heart.
Such a result was really unbearable for him. Hence, he suddenly clenched his teeth and once again activated the Dimension Power. This time, he searched every place related to her. Dao Sect, the Unique Devil Region and the area where they had once fought for the Immortal Yuan Ancient Tree… 
Normally speaking, Reincarnation fragments would remain in the place that one had the most attachment to when one was alive. If Ying Huanhuan’s Reincarnation fragments were still around, she would definitely be in these places!
However… 
Lin Dong increased his area of search. However, the final result was still so cruel that he did not dare to believe it.
Two months later, Lin Dong opened his eyes. The expression within them had become rather hollow, and veins had extended on them. His body trembled slightly as he muttered, “Why… can’t I find her… why...”
This method should have worked! Not much time had passed since she ignited her Reincarnation, and it was impossible for even her Reincarnation fragments to fade!
“Why… is it like this…”
He painfully grabbed his head. It was as if a huge hole had suddenly opened in his heart. This unbearable feeling made his eyes turn blood red.
“Lin Dong, what is going on?”
An anxious voice was transmitted from the side, and Ling Qingzhu hurriedly appeared beside Lin Dong. Her nose felt sour when she saw the latter’s messy appearance, and quickly sat down beside him.
Lin Dong lifted his head in a dull manner, and looked at Ling Qingzhu. Like a helpless child, his eyes suddenly reddened even more. “I… I can’t find her… can’t find…”
Ling Qingzhu’s heart ached when she witnessed this rare display of weakness by Lin Dong. Her eyes also reddened. This world was currently immersed in the joy of having escaped a calamity. Who could imagine just how much pain the man, who had saved the world, felt in his heart?
“There is no need to hurry. We can slowly search for her. If we fail once, we can try a second time. We will definitely find her.” She extended her slim arms and gently embraced Lin Dong. Her voice was so gentle it was as if she was cherishing a brittle piece of porcelain.
Lin Dong tightly hugged Ling Qingzhu’s narrow waist. A long time later, he clenched his teeth. There was a slightly crazed look in his eyes. “I will definitely find her!”
He once again shut his eyes, and allowed his will to submerge into the land. However, there was a deep look of fear between his brows. He was afraid of the pain he would feel if he really could not find her.
Ling Qingzhu observed the determined and somewhat tired face, as her eyes reddened. She was aware of the latter’s stubborn character. His eyes were the same when he had left the Great Yan Empire to chase her back then. It was perhaps this touching persistence that moved her… 
The Life Death Master looked at the two individuals hugging from another mountain nearby, and she sighed softly. A complicated emotion appeared in her eyes. 
Another two months had passed when Lin Dong once again opened his eyes. This time, his expression was gloomy, while his body faintly trembled. The dignity and aura of the Dimension Master was no longer present.
What was the point of a person having such great power, if he could not even find the woman he loved?
Ling Qingzhu looked at Lin Dong, whose expression was becoming increasingly hollow, while her heart ached more and more. However, she could only quietly accompany him. She was aware that his heart was definitely feeling extremely terrible.
Hope had already become extremely faint. However, Lin Dong was ultimately unwilling to give up.
Time flew by.
Lin Dong opened his eyes time and time again atop the mountain. However, the light in his eyes grew increasingly dim. A dim and dull look filled his eyes, while the original lushness of the mountain forest seemed to gradually wither following the change in his mood.
Hope was fading.
Over this half a year, Little Marten, Qingtan, the Life Death Master and others had all come over. However, they were unable to say anything when they saw Lin Dong’s appearance. In the end, they could only quietly leave. 
However, from beginning to end, a beautiful figure quietly waited and took care of him.
When Lin Dong opened his eyes for the final time, the spirit in his eyes had completely vanished. Snow drifted down the sky, causing the entire world to appear silver white and miserable.
Ling Qingzhu looked at Lin Dong’s spiritless eyes, as the tip of her nose reddened. She ultimately turned her head, as large teardrops dripped down with a splashing sound. In the end, they landed on Lin Dong’s face. 
He rotated his head slightly, and gazed into the now red eyes on that beautiful face. “Sorry…”
“I know.”
Ling Qingzhu softly said. She was aware that he would do the same for her.
“However, it is likely that she is also unwilling to see you torture yourself in such a manner.”
Lin Dong’s hands trembled. He lowered his head, and said in a hoarse voice, “...I have lost her in order to obtain such strength. Yet, I am unable to use this strength to bring her back…”
“Why?!”
“WHY?!”
He suddenly lifted his head and roared with rage. A roar that also contained a heart tearing pain. Majestic rain poured down from the sky and splattered against his face, making it impossible to tell if he was crying or if it was just the rain.
“Ah! Ah! Ah!”
 Both of his fists crazily hammered the ground. It was as if he was sobbing tears of blood. His howls contained endless despair and pain as it spread into the distance.
He had given this world hope, but had brought despair to himself.
Countless Dao Sect disciples looked towards that particular highest mountain. Their eyes turned completely red as they felt the pain within those howls, as a wave of sourness caused their eyes to become wet.
Ying Xiaoxiao looked at the vaguely visible figure at the peak of the mountain. The despair in his voice allowed her to understand that the once warmly smiling and cute girl would never return. 
She covered her mouth as sounds of chocked sobbing appeared. By the side, Ying Xuanzi also had red eyes. As he turned his head, he appeared to become a lot older at this moment. Zhou Tong, Wu Dao and others behind grew silent.
The entire Dao Sect was covered in a heartbreaking atmosphere.
“Failed…”
Little Marten, Qingtan and the rest muttered as they watched this scene. The Flame Master and they others sat down on the ground in a disappointed manner. Back then, they had lost their master and the Devouring Master. Now… was even she was about to disappear?
The Life Death Master looked at everyone. She sighed softly and quietly withdrew.
Atop the peak, Ling Qingzhu looked at the crazed Lin Dong. She could not help but hug him, while her eyes turned red.
“Ah!”
Lin Dong hugged Ling Qingzhu tightly, and loudly cried like a child, “I am unable to find her, unable to find her, unable to find her!”
“You have already done your best. All of us know this.”
“I promised her that I will find her!”
Tears fell continuously from his face. His voice was hoarse.
Ling Qingzhu’s eyes were red as she hugged him. She could feel the intense pain in his heart.
He had rescued this world, but was unable to save the one he loved.
A petite figure arrived from afar, and sat down on the cliff. The Life Death Master watched Lin Dong. This was the first time she had seen this usually strong man appear so sorrowful.
“Why must you be so greedy… there is already someone worthy of your love beside you. Isn’t it better to forget her?” The Life Death Master softly sighed and said.
Lin Dong slowly shook his head and said in a hoarse voice, “I will find her!”
I will never give up even if it is hopeless.
The Life Death Master looked at his tired but exceptionally determined face. She finally laughed bitterly and said, “You really leave me no choice… it seems that I am unable to fulfill the final request of little junior sister.”
Lin Dong's body shook suddenly. He lifted his head in shock, and stared firmly at the Life Death Master.
“You are unable to find little junior sister’s Reincarnation fragments, right?”
The Life Death Master lifted her head and looked towards a distant place. She was quiet for a long time before continuing, “According to normal circumstances, with your power, you should be able to find her Reincarnation fragments if only a short time has passed after she ignited her Reincarnation. However, there is a limit to this. That limit is that this rule only applies to those born of this world…”
Lin Dong blankly stared at the Life Death Master. His lips suddenly became dry from the shock in his heart. “You mean…”
“Yes, little junior sister is not someone from our plane… hence, you won’t be able to find her Reincarnation fragments.”
The Life Death Master laughed bitterly. She raised her head, as a certain scene flashed past her mind. It was the night before Ying Huanhuan had gathered power in an attempt to break into the Ancestor stage.
On an island in the sea, was a girl with a somewhat sorrowful smile.
“Big senior sister, please do me a favor.” The sea breeze blew over. The long crystalline hair of the girl danced, as she softly said.
“What is it?”
“If… anything happens to me, please help me safekeep something. I hope that you will never give this to Lin Dong.” The girl’s pretty eyes looked towards the east as she softly said.
“Why?”
The girl was quiet. A long time later, her weak shoulders seemed to tremble slightly. She gently folded her long legs, and buried her head between her knees as she choked, “Because I do not wish for him to end up riddled with injuries because of me. This world already has the people he loves. He will be extremely happy as long as he forgets about me. That path will be even harder, hence, I only wish to see him smile, and not get injured on that path. My heart will break if that is the case.”
The Life Death Master was startled as she looked at the figure who continued to tremble under the night sky. Her eyes involuntarily became moist.
　　……
The Life Death Master gazed at the stunned Lin Dong, as she laughed bitterly, “She understands you. However, it is difficult to have a clear mind when one is in the situation itself. She does not know just how difficult it is to forget someone, especially when it comes to someone as stubborn as you.”
She extended her small hand as she spoke, where a longan sized snow-white ice bead had appeared. A frightening chill spread from within the bead. Within the chill was a familiar scent that caused Lin Dong’s heart to tremble.
“This was all that remained after she ignited her Reincarnation. You will be able to find little junior sister if you follow it. However, you will need to head to a certain mysterious world. This path will be extremely tough. Are you certain?” The Life Death Master stared at Lin Dong and said.
Lin Dong observed the snow-white ice bead that was emitting Cold Qi. Subsequently, his hands trembled, and they slowly received it. Cold Qi surged on the ice bead, and he seemed to be able to see a familiar warmly smiling familiar face.
He deeply inhaled a breath of air, and an amazing brilliance exploded within his pitch-black eyes. A familiar determination and smile once again awakened on his face.
“You can be rest assured that I will find her no matter what!”
Regardless of what kind of treacherous terrains I have to travel, or how far away you are, I will definitely catch you and keep you by my side!
“I will accompany you.”
Ling Qingzhu gently grabbed Lin Dong’s large hand, and broke into a smile. Her smile was like warm sunlight, which shone deep into Lin Dong’s heart. “Without me, there is no telling just what a fool like you will end up doing.”
Lin Dong tightly grasped Ling Qingzhu’s hand and laughed heartily, “Of course you have to accompany me. Even if you don’t agree to, I will definitely tie you to my side.”
He did not wish to bear that feeling of losing something again.
“Coincidentally, I am also quite curious about the world where the Symbol Ancestor and the rest came from. I will take this opportunity to have a look. No one can stop me!”
Ling Qingzhu looked at Lin Dong. The fatigue between his brows had been completely swept away, and a heroic look had replaced it. She smiled. That familiar Lin Dong was back.
“But…”
Lin Dong suddenly seemed to recall something. He frowned and said, “We do not have any coordinates for that new world. In order to head to that place, we need to find someone who belongs to that world, and use that person as a guide to travel across the planes.”
“Someone who belongs to that world?” Ling Qingzhu thought for a moment and said, “The Yimo Emperor?”
“No. He has already been purified by me, and no longer has that ability.” Lin Dong shook his head. He quickly clenched his teeth and said, “It doesn’t matter. I will use the Dimension Eye to search. Since Ying Huanhuan could end up in this world, there might be a second person who has also come here.”
Lin Dong activated the Dimension Power after his voice sounded. The light of Primal Chaos surfaced between his brows, and turned into a Primal Chaos eye. That eye seemed to encompass everything. Light swept forth, and swiftly fell over every corner of this world.
However, it was not easy to find someone from another world here. Hence, Lin Dong began to frown as more time passed.
Countless figures rushed over from behind while Lin Dong was searching the world. Little Marten, Qingtan, the Flame Master and others appeared in a flash. They felt surprised when they saw that Lin Dong had suddenly become full of life again.
“Big brother Lin Dong, are you alright?”
Qingtan said in a joyful manner. Her heart had been about to break when she saw Lin Dong’s previous appearance.
“Yes, I’m okay now.”
Lin Dong turned his head and smiled at Qingtan. After which, he dotingly patted her little head. With a shift of his gaze, the Dimension Eye continued its search.
However, Lin Dong’s body turned rigid the moment his gaze shifted away, and his expression also became strange. Subsequently, he slowly turned his head back, as the Primal Chaos light that the Dimension Eye had turned into wrapped around Qingtan.
Mysterious, dark and cold ripples surfaced on Qingtan’s figure under the Primal Chaos light of the Dimension Eye. This fluctuation was completely different from any energy in this world.
“Brother Lin Dong, what is it?” Qingtan looked at Lin Dong’s stunned face, and was also surprised. She lowered her head to observe herself, before asking in a lost voice.
Lin Dong merely stared at her in a stunned manner. By the side, Ling Qingzhu seemed to have realised something. She looked at Qingtan in disbelief. “Could Qingtan be…”
Lin Dong violently swallowed his saliva and slowly nodded.
Qingtan was actually someone from that world… such a coincidence was really unimaginable… 
　　……
Half a year later, the mountain behind Qingyang Town.
Lin Dong stood in the air. Lin Xiao, Liu Yan, Little Marten and others were present by the side of the cliff. They looked at the sky, and saw space slowly splitting apart. This crack was exactly the same as the huge crack between the planes which had appeared in the void back then.
“Qingzhu, Qingtan.”
Lin Dong beckoned his hand towards the cliff. Two enchanting figures rushed out upon hearing this, and stood on his left and right.
“Big brother, once we have passed three Reincarnation Tribulations, you must bring us over to have a look!” Little Marten waved his hand and cried out loudly.
“Ha ha, alright. I will first head there and scout the place!” Lin Dong smilingly replied. He swung his sleeve, and eight lights rushed out from within his body. They turned into eight Ancestral Symbols. One of the Ancestral Symbols flashed, and turned into a little girl. She was Mu Lingshan.
“Lingshan, this is the newly created Life Death Ancestral Symbol. Put it in your body and nourish it. A century later, a new Life and Death Ancestral Symbol will be born. At that time, you will no longer be restricted by it, and truly turn into a human.” Lin Dong flicked his finger, and a black and white light shot into Mu Lingshan’s body.
“Big brother Lin Dong, make sure to come back often!” Mu Lingshan waved her small hand and said.
Lin Dong grinned and nodded. He was already the Dimension Master. It was extremely easy to return.
“Father, mother, I am leaving.” Lin Dong glanced at Lin Xiao and Liu Yan as he spoke.
“Little fellow, if you cannot bring back two daughter-in-laws, you can forget about returning!” Lin Xiao waved his large hand and smilingly chided. Liu Yan by the side glared at him in an accusing fashion.
Lin Dong smiled upon hearing this. He looked at the slowly widening crack and clenched his hand.
I will definitely find you this time!
A thought passed through his mind. Lin Dong subsequently pulled Ling Qingzhu and Qingtan as he rushed forward. The Dimension Power enveloped the three of them. Finally, they shot into the dimensional crack in front of everyone.
Everyone watched the crack slowly mend itself, and heaved a long sigh. Some curiosity towards that world appeared as they lamented. What would await them there?
　　……
Chaotic Demon Sea, Flame Divine Hall.
Tang Xinlian looked towards the distant Eastern Xuan Region from a pavillion, as a complicated expression flitted across her pretty eyes.
“That fellow Lin Dong should have already left this plane. How envious. I also wish to go and take a look…” A laughter suddenly sounded behind her. Tang Xinlian turned her head, and glanced at Mo Luo. However, she did not speak.
“Aih, my prideful disciple is really pitiful. One-sided love is too tough.” Mo Luo sighed.
“Master, what nonsense are you sprouting!” Tang Xinlian’s pretty face reddened as she cried out in a furious and embarrassed manner.
Mo Luo smiled. Soon after, he helplessly said, “Why don’t you voice out your feelings for him?”
“Liking him does not mean that I must be together with him.”
Tang Xinlian replied with an enchanting smile. She lazily stretched her waist, revealing her alluring curves as she laughed, “Moreover, there are so many men in this world. If worst comes to worst, I will fall for someone else.”
“There are indeed many men. However, it is very difficult to find one who is more outstanding than him.” Mo Luo thought for a moment and seriously said. “Moreover, will you really fall for another man?”
“That is hard to say.” Tang Xinlian smiled sweetly and said, “The number of men who like me can queue from the Chaotic Demon Sea to the Demon Region. I am an extremely fickle person, and will not remain faithful to anyone forever.”
Mo Luo grinned and said, “Let’s have a bet. You will confess to him if you do not fall for anyone the next time he returns. What do you say?”
Tang Xinlian’s face became red. She glared at him and bit her red lips. Her pretty eyes were like water as she revealed a bewitching smile.
“Alright.”
　　……
Shuttling through the planes.
A ray of light flashed past. Three figures were vaguely visible within the light. Lin Dong grabbed Qingtan with one arm, and carefully sensed the fluctuations which originated from a certain mysterious world within her body. After which, he corrected his direction.
They had been travelling across the planes for nearly a month.
“Big brother Lin Dong, are we still not there?” Qingtan looked at the dimensional torrents around her, and asked in a bored voice.
“We should arrive soon.”
Lin Dong chuckled. His expression suddenly changed, as the speed at which they were travelling slowed. He looked at the extremely distant place as the Dimension Eye surfaced between his brows.
His sight penetrated through the dimension fog. Suddenly, he saw three figures in a far off place. The group also consisted of one man and two women, and they seemed to be lovers. The man in the middle wore a black robe, and carried a huge black ruler on his back. Lin Dong seemed to sense an extremely hot fluctuation from the latter’s body. 
The moment Lin Dong penetrated through the fog and saw the black robed man, the latter also seemed to felt it. He lifted his head, and those black eyes looked in Lin Dong’s direction. After which, a friendly smile appeared. Moreover, he gently cupped his hands together from afar.
Lin Dong saw this and also smilingly cupped his hands together. However, he did not linger. With a wave of his sleeve, he brought Qingzhu and Qingtan and continued their journey. That mysterious world was almost within reach.
The Lin Dong trio disappeared into the distance. In that same distant place, the two ladies beside the black robed man noticed his actions. The elegant and extremely pretty lady smilingly asked, “What is it brother Xiao Yan?”
“Nothing. I saw an extremely powerful person. I do not know why, but I feel some affinity towards him. Hopefully, we will meet again. Let’s go.”
The black robed man laughed, and did not say anything else. With a wave of his sleeve, the trio turned into a ray of light that gradually disappeared. The direction they were headed in was also that new world.
It would certainly be a most interesting place.
End of the book





 The Great Ruler - WDQK side story - Ice Spirit Tribe - Chapter 1
Such foundations were unfathomable even in the eyes of countless experts.
The north-west land of the Ice Spirit Continent.
Ice spikes covered a rather sinister looking towering ice mountain that rose steeply from the ground. The mountain was covered in a layer of thick ice, and seemed to give off an ice-blue glow. Under the rays of the sun, it reflected a cold and lonely light.
A figure in a black robe was currently standing on the icy peak with his hands behind his back. He lifted his head a little, revealing the knife like side of his face. From this angle, he appeared very determined.
He had a pair of black eyes that were deep as the night. An ancient feeling swirled in the depths of these eyes, as if they had experienced Reincarnation itself.
He lifted his head and peered into the distance, where space was violently distorting. A titanic ice door was faintly discernible, while an overwhelming aura that originated from ancient times slowly spread.
This was the spatial gate that led to the ancestral land of the Ice Spirit Tribe.
Rustle.
While he observed the giant ice gate, the faint sounds of footsteps was suddenly heard from behind. He turned around, and looked at the four figures that had appeared, as a smile surfaced on his resolute face.
“How is it?”
The four which had appeared consisted of two men and two women. The young woman leading them was fairer than snow and dressed in white. Her beauty could cause the downfall of nations, and her aloof demeanor was akin to a snow lotus, causing others to feel inferior in comparison.
At the white clothed lady’s side was a lass in a black dress. Her appearance was attractive, but a dignified and stern look surged in her beautiful eyes.
However, when this girl looked at the man before them, a sweet and gentle smile immediately surfaced on her pretty face. She grinned as she pounced over and intimately grabbed his sleeve, “Big brother Lin Dong, we made sure to clearly ask about it. There is indeed an Ice Spirit Tablet within the Ice Spirit Tribe. It is the ultimate treasure of the tribe, and it is said that anyone who possess the bloodline of Ice Spirit Royalty will leave behind an Ice Spirit inside it at birth. I believe that Huanhuan’s soul fragments are definitely within it!”
“Really?” Upon hearing this piece of news, a smile of being relieved from a great burden appeared on the determined face of the man before their eyes, who had been as stable as a mountain even during countless thrilling experiences, 
“However, the Ice Spirit Tablet is the ultimate treasure of the Ice Spirit Tribe. They will never allow an outsider to approach.” The fairer than snow beauty in white softly said.
The man called Lin Dong frowned as he replied, “You’ve talked with them?”
“We’ve talked. The Ice Spirit Tribe side have said that they have no intentions of negotiating. They insist that we leave at once.” The one who spoke this time was a bewitchingly handsome slim young man. Such looks would cause envy to rise even in the hearts of many women. However, his pretty boy face was ice-cold, and gave off an aura of extreme unapproachability.
“Looks like our Martial Realm is being looked down upon by others.” He faintly grinned as cold killing intent was revealed in those slightly narrowed peach blossom pupils.
“Big brother, why not we just go ahead and do it. A mere Ice Spirit Tribe. Do they really think that us three brothers are so easily bullied?! I do not believe that they will still refuse to hand over the Ice Spirit Tablet after we turn their world upside down!” A muffled thunder like voice rang out, as a metal tower like figure stood up behind the bewitchingly handsome man. His shadow practically engulfed the entire group. He had a rather rough appearance, and his arms were covered in sinister looking scars. Merely standing there caused an ominous aura to fill the air, as if he was a monsterous ferocious tiger, and even space itself started to tremble.
“Turning their world upside down is not an issue, but what if they are driven into desperation and destroy the Ice Spirit Tablet?” The bewitchingly handsome man icily said.
The metal tower like man awkwardly scratched his head, and did not dare to speak any further. He knew how great a price big brother had paid for this glimmer of hope. If this last hope was destroyed, he was really unable to imagine what kind of blow would be dealt to big brother.
“Then what should we do second brother?” The metal tower like man asked in a thunder like voice.
The bewitchingly handsome man did not reply, but merely looked to the man in front of them.
Lin Dong tilted his head and gazed at the faintly discernible giant ice gate in the distance. He was silent for a long time, before he slowly said, “I have already waited so many years for this day. Thus, I will not give up no matter what.”
“Then shall we take action?” The bewitchingly handsome man inquired.
Lin Dong smiled as he shook his head and replied, “Let me do it this time. You guys return to the Martial Realm. It was recently established, and needs all of you to oversee it.”
“Big brother Lin Dong, you intend to charge into the Ice Spirit Tribe alone?” The girl in black was alarmed, and hastily spoke out, “No can do. This Ice Spirit Tribe is extremely powerful. It is very dangerous for you to go alone!”
Soon after, her pretty eyes turned slightly frosty, as she made a clenching motion with her hand, and a scythe of darkness appeared within it. The dark aura from the one that was once the master of darkness exploded as she said, “If we join hands, even the Ice Spirit Tribe will not dare to try anything funny!”
“That’s right big brother. The thing that these ancient tribes love to do the most is to bully others with a numerical advantage!” The metal tower like man also thundered.
Lin Dong waved his hands, “We cannot possibly completely fall out with the Ice Spirit Tribe. Moreover, Huanhuan is after all a member of the tribe, and she has a similar bloodline to them. If I go alone, the most disastrous situation will not occur.”
As they looked at his resolute face, the four knew that they could not longer persuade him, and could only nod in the end.
“Then we will first return to the Martial Realm. If there are any problems, immediately send us a message.” The bewitchingly handsome man looked at Lin Dong as he slowly continued, “We are brothers. We will follow you even if you are going to break apart the heavens!”
Lin Dong smiled a little as he replied, “Don’t worry. What kind of storms have we not seen after so many years? A mere Ice Spirit Tribe cannot stop me.”
“Then be careful.” The bewitchingly handsome man nodded. Without further ado, he took a step back as light blossomed, and disappeared together with the metal tower like man.
“Big brother Lin Dong, we will wait for you in the Martial Realm!” Although the girl in black was a little unhappy, she knew that this was not the time to cause a fuss. 
Therefore, she also turned and left after speaking.
As the three of them left, only Lin Dong and the fairer than snow beauty remained on the icy peak.
Lin Dong gazed at the woman who had followed him all the way from the lower realms to this Great Thousand Worlds. An apologetic look appeared in his eyes, but before he could say anything, an ice-cold hand gently covered his mouth.
“Do not apologize. She could take even that final step for you. If you do not do this, you will not be the Lin Dong I know.” The woman softly said.
“Qingzhu, wait for me to bring her back.” Lin Dong reached out, and hugged the woman’s slim waist as he softly said by her ear.
“Um.”
The absolute beauty in his arms lightly nodded. Soon after, she took two steps back. Her enchanting body flickered, and she also gradually vanished.
The icy peak once again became silent. Lin Dong turned around, and blankly stared at the distant giant ice gate. He did not take action immediately, but instead slowly sat down.
With his back against an ice-cold rock, he gently closed his eyes, as painful and rather distant memories slowly became clearer bit by bit, as if they had been dug out again after being unused for a long time.
In a place known as the Chaotic Demon Sea on a plane known as the Tianxuan Continent...
The Yimo Emperor had torn apart the seal between the planes, and descended once again. All life in the world was in danger. The end days had arrived, and all had started to despair...
The girl that everyone had placed their final hopes on had gathered the power of the world, and attacked the Ancestor stage. But everything had fallen through due to the lack of one final push...
In a world filled with despair and terror, the girl had cried as she watched him smile. Her sobbing voice was still as clear as ever.
“The truth is, I have long known that this would be the outcome. Even all of this power cannot enable anyone to reach the Ancestor stage. Moreover, the forceful raising of one’s cultivation stage will result in extreme repercussions. The current me can no longer reach the Ancestor stage…”
“How can it be so easy to truly reach the Ancestor stage. However, it is all within expectation. Hence, I have actually still succeeded…”
“Because I knew that this would be the result, I rejected your intentions to replace me. Sorry, I did not mean to overlook your efforts… I know of all that you have done…”
“Sorry… I had lied to you since the beginning. I made you enter the Ancestral Citadel to create the Divine Palace, and even forced you to undergo three Reincarnation tribulations… I truly am the one whom you hate the most…”
At that very moment, everyone in the world watched the sobbing girl covering her mouth in the sky, as her sobbing voice slowly echoed across the area.
“You! What exactly do you plan on doing?!” His heart had been about to be torn apart as he watched her cry.
“I’m sorry… I only want you to live.” Her pretty eyes had been entirely red. Tears gathered in her eyes, as her soft voice struck him like thunder.
She slowly backed away, while her voice rang out in the ears of everyone in the plane.
“I pray with my soul…”
“With my body…”
“With my soul…”
“With my blood…”
“I call upon the spirits of the world, divine transformation, ancestral path!”
Ice-blue flames rose in spirals, completely engulfing her body, as her somewhat choking voice slowly spread.
“Sorry… I do not want to protect the world, nor do I want to be its saviour. But, I want you to live…”
“Lin Dong, thank you for allowing me to fall in love with you before I awakened… and thank you for given me so many beautiful moments. You allowed me to understand… no matter how icy the heart, there will eventually be a time for it to blossom…”
“You once asked me if I was the Ice Master or Ying Huanhuan…”
“The current me can tell you… fool, what Ice Master, I have been Ying Huanhuan all along…”
    …
On the icy peak, Lin Dong leaned against a ice-cold rock, as a girl’s sobbing voice seemed to cross time and space and echoed by his ear. He slowly opened his eyes, as tears flowed down his determined face.
A figure seemed to appear before his eyes once again.
She had her hands behind her back, while her jet-black ponytail bounced in a lively manner. That pretty face was filled with a crafty yet lovable smile. Everything was the same as it had been many years before when they first met in Dao Sect.
Lin Dong lifted his head and gazed at the distant giant ice gate in the distorted space. He slowly reached out his hand, as lightning blossomed from his palm. Lightning dragons coiled around the Lightning Emperor Scepter that had appeared in his hand.
He tightly grasped the scepter as he slowly stood up. In his black eyes was a determination that could not be shaken.
I have walked the entirety of Reincarnation just to meet you.
No matter what, no matter how great the price. Even if I have to ascend the heavens or descend to the depths of hell, I will bring you back!
And now...
I am here!





 Ice Spirit Tribe Side Story 2
Ancestral land of the Ice Spirit Tribe.
The great hall was filled with singing, dancing and flute music.
Numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts were currently gathered within this great hall. Boundless Spirit Power pulsed, causing space to ripple. However, even in this congregation of experts, the four figures at the head position of the hall were undoubtedly the focal point. Every word or action of theirs made the numerous experts in the great hall feel a kind of pressure that was difficult to describe.
At the central head seat of the great hall was an elder wearing a blue robe. The elder’s face gave off an azure glow, and a terrifying chill spread with every movement he made, causing frost to continuously form in the surroundings. Even the Spirit Power that had gathered around him would transform into dazzling multi-colored crystal fragments due to the terrifying Cold Qi.
Everytime Spirit Power was frozen into ice, the elder would draw in a breath, and swallow them into his body. Boundless Spirit Power faintly surged within his eyes.
“Ancestor’s Ice Underworld Divine Art is rapidly approaching the pinnacle of perfection!”
While the elder displayed his domineering absorption method, the numerous high ranking Ice Spirit Tribe members in the great hall burst out in praise. Words of flattery were unceasingly sent out without any embarrassment.
This was because this elder was currently the most powerful practitioner in the Ice Spirit Tribe. He was known as Ice Spirit Ancestor, and was a true blue Heavenly Sovereign. He had a tyrannical reputation even in the Great Thousand Worlds, and was also the greatest pillar that supported the Ice Spirit Tribe.
Ice Spirit Ancestor merely smiled in response to such flattery, “With my old pal Snow Devil here, this Ice Underworld Divine Art of mine is really nothing to boast about.”
While he spoke, his smiling gaze turned towards the three seats below. On the right most seat was an elder with a white beard and white hair. This old man’s skin was as white and snow, while his long white beard hung before him, making him appear like an immortal.
When he heard Ice Spirit Ancestor’s laughter, he also smiled as he shook his head, “Brother Ice Spirit, this old man cannot hold a candle to your Ice Underworld Divine Art.”
Although his words were so, this white haired elder’s eyes had a slight smiling expression. It was clear that his inner thoughts were not completely in line with his words.
His expression was seen by everyone, yet no one was offended by it. This elder was after all similarly a famous peak practitioner in the Great Thousand Worlds. He was known as Snow Devil Old Man, and had been friends with Ice Spirit Ancestor for many years.
Ice Spirit Ancestor and him were equally powerful, and neither of the two was stronger than the other.
“You two old fellows clearly intend on suppressing the other, yet you still act in such a hypocritical manner.” While this exchanged occurred between Ice Spirit Ancestor and Snow Devil Old Man, a mocking voice emerged from the side. It gave no face at all the two exceedingly powerful Heavenly Sovereigns.
If any ordinary person was to speak in such a manner, he would likely have long been vaporized to dust. Yet, Ice Spirit Ancestor and Snow Devil Old Man merely chuckled when they heard this, before their gazes turned towards the one who had spoken.
The speaker was a tall and well built elder. This elder wore a black robe, while his eyes glowed purple-gold. A dragon’s roar seemed to faintly echo within his loud and clear voice.
While he sat there, a pressure that caused one’s scalp to turn numb spread. It was as if he was a terrible and ferocious dragon.
“Dragon Sovereign’s tongue is still so sharp after so many years.” Ice Spirit Ancestor grinned as he spoke. His tone indicated that he did not mind the well built black robed elder’s mocking words at all.
It was because this black robed elder was a grand elder of the Great Thousand Worlds’ dragon tribe. His fighting prowess was outstanding, and his true body was that of a pure blood true dragon!
This was also an existence that was comparable to a Heavenly Sovereign! He was known as Dragon Sovereign!
Dragon Sovereign curled his lips and said, “You old fogeys have only reached the Heavenly Sovereign level after cultivating for so many years. Compared to Battle Emperor, such cultivation might as well be put on a dog.”
Upon hearing Dragon Sovereign’s vicious words, Ice Spirit Ancestor and Snow Devil Old Man bitterly smiled as they shook their heads. Their somewhat envious gazes were cast towards the far left seat, finding the figure that had been smiling at them since the beginning.
The figure wore a gold robe, and gave off a majestic and imposing aura. In contrast to Ice Spirit Ancestor and the rest, this person’s appearance was rather young. His handsome face was like a dagger scabbard, and a smile hung from the corners of his mouth. This elegance made him the most dazzling existence in the great hall.
In particular, the beauties of the Ice Spirit Tribe could not help but look at him with longing. Their constantly peered at the golden robed man with slightly flushed faces. It was clear that they had been smitten by his elegance.
Compared to old monsters like Ice Spirit Ancestor and the rest, this golden robed man was at the peak of his prime.
Though this golden robed man was the last to begin his cultivation journey amongst them, there was not even the slightest contempt in the sharp tongued Dragon Sovereign’s eyes when he looked at the former. Instead, there was great wariness.
It was because the man before their eyes had not only reached the Heavenly Sovereign stage at such a young age, but over the recent years, he had travelled far and wide to challenge others, and had not suffered a single defeat. Hence, his domineering and peerless title as Battle Emperor in the Great Thousand Worlds. 
If it was one on one, regardless of whether it was Ice Spirit Ancestor, Snow Devil Old Man or Dragon Sovereign, it was likely that none of them would be able to defeat him.
“Battle Emperor’s talent is without equal. It is likely that he will be able to aim for the Saint Grade Heavenly Sovereign level in future. This is not something that old fellows like us can match.” Snow Devil Old Man sighed as he enviously remarked.
Ice Spirit Ancestor and Dragon Sovereign felt the same way. The Heavenly Sovereigns of the Great Thousand Worlds were split into three grades, the Spirit Grade, Celestial Grade and Saint Grade. All of them were currently at the Spirit Grade.
Battle Emperor smiled a little and said, “The Saint Grade is indeed my goal. I believe that I should be able to take that step.”
Although he was smiling as he spoke, his tone was exceptionally determined. It was as if he had extreme confidence in himself, and a faint domineering aura was revealed.
No one refuted such arrogance. Instead, they believed that he was amply determined. This was because he did have the qualifications.
Swish!
While the atmosphere in the great hall was at its peak, a ray of light suddenly shot in from outside. In the end, it turned into a little ice bird that landed on Ice Spirit Ancestor’s shoulders and started chirping incessantly.
Upon hearing the little ice bird’s chirps, the originally smiling expression in the eyes of Ice Spirit Ancestor abruptly darkened, as an invisible mighty pressure spread. The originally festive great hall immediately became completely silent. Reverence was revealed in the eyes of numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts as they looked towards their ancestor.
The only three that were not affected by Ice Spirit Ancestor were the three Heavenly Sovereigns, Battle Emperor, Dragon Sovereign and Snow Devil Old Man.
“What is it?” Snow Devil Old Man asked.
Ice Spirit Ancestor’s complexion was a little ugly as he snorted, “A foolishly arrogant fellow from the lower planes actually has delusions of borrowing my Ice Spirit Tribe’s Ice Spirit Tablet to revive his wife. Does he not know that the Ice Spirit Tablet is the ultimate treasure of my tribe? It will suffer every time it is used, how can it be lent to an outsider!”
“This old man has repeatedly rejected his request. It is unexpected that this fellow not only refuses to back off, but instead has the gall to forcibly break into my Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land. Such arrogance!”
Towards the end, Ice Spirit Ancestor had already exploded in anger. Frightening Cold Qi rose around his body, and the sounds of things being frozen emerged in the great hall.
“Forcibly break into the ancestral land? This person from the lower planes is indeed arrogant.”
Snow Devil Old Man the rest exchanged a look, before they let out a chuckle. The Great Thousand Worlds was the gathering point of the countless lower planes. Thus, the Great Thousand Worlds experts would look upon those from the lower planes with contempt. How could they not laugh when they heard that a reckless fellow from the lower planes actually intended to break into the Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land.
With Ice Spirit Ancestor overseeing the Ice Spirit Tribe, even the full powered attacks of a Heavenly Sovereign would not find success.
Ice Spirit Ancestor’s expression was dark. He suddenly waved his sleeve, and an ice mirror was formed before them. An ancient ice tablet silently towered within the ice mirror.
“This old man wants to see just who in my tribe would marry such a peasant.”
With a flick of his finger, a chilling light landed on the Ice Spirit Tablet, and icy light instantly flickered on it. In the end, the light converged, and a beautiful figure gradually appeared.
The figure’s eyes were tightly shut, and her long hair glowed with an ice-blue brilliance. Her expression was cold as frost, but she was very beautiful, while a faint yet extremely cold aura spread from her.
Many became breathless when the sight of this beautiful figure landed in their eyes. Subsequently, the branch tribe leaders of the Ice Spirit Tribe frowned in thought, but ultimately shook their heads towards Ice Spirit Ancestor, indicating that this woman was not part of their tribe.
“Eh? Not part of my tribe?” Ice Spirit Ancestor was taken aback as he spoke in astonishment, “Then how did her soul fragment appear in the Ice Spirit Tablet. Only the royal bloodline of my tribe have this qualification.”
The various branch tribe leaders looked to each other. Moments later, someone spoke out with a pondering tone, “It is recorded in our ancestral archives that there was once a branch of the royal line that broke away from our Ice Spirit Tribe in the distant past. There was subsequently no news from them, and it was believed that they had been wiped out. This woman might belong to that particular branch.”
Only after hearing this did Ice Spirit Ancestor nod his head, and coldly said, “Since they have already broken away from the tribe, don’t even think of using the Ice Spirit Tribe to revive.”
“Heh heh, the talent of this soul fragment is extraordinary. If old Ice finds it troublesome, please grant it to my humble self. I will definitely properly take care of it.” At this moment, Battle Emperor’s eyes suddenly brightened a little as he gazed at the beautiful figure within the Ice Spirit Tablet and said.
Ice Spirit Ancestor was stunned. Soon after, he recalled that Battle Emperor was someone who appreciates beauty. He immediately waved his hands, and said with a smile, “If Battle Emperor is interested, this old man will bestow this soul fragment upon you after the intruder is dealt with.”
It was definitely worth it if a mere soul fragment could create closer relations with Battle Emperor.
Battle Emperor chuckled upon hearing this and replied, “Then I’ll have to thank old Ice. If my help is needed, feel free to ask.”
By the side, Snow Devil Old Man and Dragon Sovereign also nodded, indicating that they would lend their aid. After all, the Ice Spirit Tribe was very powerful, and it was beneficial to have a closer relation with them.
Ice Spirit Ancestor grinned upon seeing this, “This old man thanks you for your good intentions. However, a mere peasant from the lower planes is unworthy of your attention. You only need to watch from behind.”
After speaking, his coldly looked towards the Ice Spirit Tribe branch leaders, and smiled icily, “Activate the great array. This old man wants to see exactly where this fellow from the lower planes found to courage to break into my Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land!”
“Understood!”
In the great hall, numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts immediately responded. They transformed into countless flashes of light and shot forth. In an instant, terrifying Spirit Power soared in the Ice Spirit Tribe domain as layers of icy halos spread.
The Cold Qi at the entrance to the ancestral land domain was as vast as the sea, and seemed to freeze space itself, while countless figures stood in the surrounding air. Spirit Power pulsed like an inescapable net, completely enveloping the area within a hundred thousand feet.
An ice lotus rose in the air behind them. Ice Spirit Ancestor was seated on it, as he frostily looked at the entrance to the ancestral land domain.
All the defenses of the ancestral land had been fully activated at this moment. Furthermore, with Ice Spirit Ancestor here, even a Heavenly Sovereign would only be able to retreat in defeat!
The entire area was silent while bitter cold descended. It was a cold filled with endless killing intent.
The experts of the Ice Spirit Tribe were focused on the entrance.
Cold Qi engulfed the area. Suddenly, Ice Spirit Ancestor’s eyes narrowed, and his stern gaze shot towards the ancestral land entrance, only to see violent ripples emerging.
“He really dared to come! Truly a reckless fool!” Ice Spirit Ancestor’s rage hit the peak as he darkly said.
Cold Qi unfurled as the faint footsteps of someone walking through the air was heard. The gazes of countless Ice Spirit Tribe experts gathered, and they watched as a figure gradually appeared within the endless Cold Qi.
The figure stood tall and straight, while his aura was unfathomable like the deep abyss. Lightning spread from the Lightning Emperor Scepter he wielded. His expression was akin to an ancient well as he stood before the countless experts of the Ice Spirit Tribe. Subsequently, a voice echoed within the ancestral land domain.
“Martial Realm’s Lin Dong has come to visit this noble tribe to borrow the Ice Spirit Tablet!”





 Ice Spirit Tribe Side Story 3
Entrance to the Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land.
A bone piercing chill enveloped the land. Countless Ice Spirit Tribe experts were positioned at various spots in the sky, forming an extremely enormous spirit array.
An indescribable pressure spread from this spirit array, causing even space itself to tremble.
However, even though with such a serious setup, the numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts still felt their hearts thud a little harder when they watched the figure slowly walking over from the distant entrance to the ancestral land.
Even in the face of practically the entire Ice Spirit Tribe’s power, they could see that there was still no fear on the figure’s face. His calm and emotionless eyes gave them a feeling of unease.
Some distance behind the great array, Ice Spirit Ancestor’s pupils tightened slightly as he watched the figure. Soon after, his icy voice abruptly rang out, “Stop trespasser!”
His voice contained boundless Spirit Power, and rang out like a great bell. As it echoed, the fear in the hearts of all the Ice Spirit Tribe experts vanished. After all, their ancestor was a Heavenly Sovereign!
“Stop trespasser!”
Hence, all of the Ice Spirit Tribe experts loudly shouted at this moment. Countless voices gathered together and thundered across the area. It was a magnificent scene.
The figure finally halted, and lifted his head. His gaze penetrated the enormous array in front of him, and directly looked towards Ice Spirit Ancestor. He cupped his fists and said, “Martial Realm’s Lin Dong has come to this noble tribe in hopes of borrowing the Ice Spirit Tablet! This huge debt will not be forgotten!”
Ice Spirit Ancestor’s face remained impassive when he heard this. His eyes faintly lowered as he replied, “This old man already knows of the intentions of your honored self. However, the Ice Spirit Tablet is the ultimate treasure of my tribe. Every use will cause great damage to it. Hence, this old man cannot lend it to outsiders.”
His voice was unsympathetic, and his tone was not very courteous. However, his rejection was rather clear.
Upon hearing Ice Spirit Ancestor’s response, disappointment flashed across Lin Dong’s face. Soon after, he lightly inhaled and said, “Then I’ll have to commit an offense against you!”
Perhaps, Ice Spirit Tribe did have its difficulties, but this was not something he cared about. The only thing he knew, was that the Ice Spirit Tablet was the only chance to revive his wife.
He could make up for the damage to the Ice Spirit Tablet through other means, but he definitely needed to borrow it!
It did not matter if the Ice Spirit Tribe was willing or not!
Rumble!
When his final word sounded, seemingly endless lightning exploded from the Lightning Emperor Scepter in his hand. Berserk lightning coiled around his body. Every bolt was brimming with the power of destruction.
“Impudent!”
The cold light in Ice Spirit Ancestor’s eyes flared as he sneered, “My Ice Spirit Tribe has stood tall in the Great Thousand Worlds for millions of years. What kind of storms have we not seen before. To think that an ignorant person from the lower planes like yourself actually dares to break into my Ice Spirit Tribe and take my Ice Spirit Tablet?!”
“People of my tribe, drive out this intruder!”
“Understood!”
Upon hearing Ice Spirit Ancestor’s bellow of rage, the countless Ice Spirit Tribe experts immediately responded. Their voices was like a giant hundred thousand feet tall wave that swept across the area. It brought with it an endless pressure that as it crashed onto the frail lone figure in the distance.
Rumble!
However, the overwhelming pressure completely faded like smoke when it was a hundred thousand feet from Lin Dong. It was incapable of approaching him.
The hearts of the Ice Spirit Tribe experts shivered when they saw this. They did not dare to be careless, and quickly formed seals with their hands. Immediately, terrifying Ice Spirit Power dashed towards the sky.
The vast Ice Spirit Power converged together due to the enormous array. Several breaths later, it transformed into over a thousand giant ice dragons. Every dragon gave off an endless aura of coldness that froze even space itself.
Roar!
The roars of over a thousand giant dragons rumbled at this moment. In the next instant, the dragons swarmed forth. Tremendous dragon breaths seemed to cover the sky and land as they blasted towards Lin Dong.
Lin Dong lifted his head and gazed upon this magnificent sight, but his expression did not change. Subsequently, he lightly stamped his foot.
Boom!
Dazzling lightning frantically unfurled with Lin Dong as the epicenter, and countless lightning bolts swept forth like torrential rain. In the end, they clashed head on against the numerous giant ice dragons.
Boom! Boom!
Lightning and ice crazily collided. The ice dragons continuously disintegrated one by one, while lightning seemed to stream out endlessly. Violent Spirit Power shockwaves devastated the area, causing pockets of space to crumble.
Lin Dong did not even glance at the explosions occurring between the ice and lightning, as he walked straight towards the enormous array in front of him.
In a short span of several breaths, his figure had already appeared within the array formed by numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts. However, his gaze only looked towards Ice Spirit Ancestor.
Although this array was formidable, it was clearly lacking with regards to stopping him. The only thing he needed to pay a little attention to was this Ice Spirit Ancestor.
The faces of the numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts turned grim when they saw Lin Dong easily pass through. This man was really a little too powerful.
Such power was definitely that of a true blue Heavenly Sovereign!
The eyes of Ice Spirit Ancestor narrowed slightly when he saw this. Soon after, he stood up on the ice lotus. With his sharp gaze fixed on Lin Dong, he slowly spoke, “To have dared to barge into my Ice Spirit Tribe, it looks like you do indeed have some ability.”
“However, you will pay a price for underestimating my Ice Spirit Tribe!”
The temperature instantly plummeted the moment Ice Spirit Ancestor words faded, and ice blue Cold Qi pervaded the area. This Cold Qi was emitted from the bodies of the Ice Spirit Tribe experts, causing the place to turn in to a frozen world.
Ice Spirit Ancestor’s power would be greatly enhanced if he did battle in this frozen world. This was the advantage of a favorable location.
Cold Qi frantically converged towards Lin Dong, causing even space itself to be frozen and trapping Lin Dong within it like a prison.
“To show how seriously we regard you, I shall let you experience today one of the three famous ultimate techniques of my Ice Spirit Tribe!”
Ice Spirit Ancestor knew that normal techniques were no use against a Heavenly Sovereign. Thus, he had no hesitation in using a trump card the moment he attacked!
“Ultimate technique, Eternal Frost Art!”
As Ice Spirit Ancestor’s shout thundered, millions of ice beams suddenly shot out from the endless Cold Qi. These beams penetrated space, and shot onto Lin Dong’s body.
The many Ice Spirit Tribe experts watched ice-blue ice rapidly spread on Lin Dong’s body at a speed that could be seen by the naked eye. In mere moments, it completely froze Lin Dong.
The ice gathered and transformed into a several hundred thousand feet large giant ice mountain. Lin Dong’s body was frozen at the depths of this mountain.
The Ice Spirit Tribe experts secretly heaved a sigh of relief when they saw this. This ultimate technique of their Ice Spirit Tribe was a sealing technique. Once one was sealed, his body and Spirit Power would instantly be frozen. It would be difficult for even a Heavenly Sovereign to escape.
Over the years, it was unknown how many pinnacle experts had suffered due to this sealing technique of their Ice Spirit Ancestor. This time, Martial Realm’s Lin Dong was no exception.
Ice Spirit Ancestor looked upon the majestic ice mountain and said in a solemn voice, “This seal will last for a year, and will automatically be broken after that. You will stay here for a year as punishment for barging into my Ice Spirit Tribe.”
After speaking, he intended to leave.
Crack.
However, just as he was about to turn around, Ice Spirit Ancestor suddenly heard faint cracking sounds from the depths of the ice mountain. He immediately lifted his head, and his pupils tightened when he faintly saw lightning flashing at the depths of the ice mountain.
“His Spirit Power has not been sealed?!” Upon seeing this scene, Ice Spirit Ancestor’s expression instantly changed. He was in disbelief. Even a Heavenly Sovereign’s Spirit Power would be sealed, and would be unable to make contact with the outside world. Yet, why was this Lin Dong’s Spirit Power not completely sealed?
Ch ch! Ch ch!
While shock filled Ice Spirit Ancestor heart, the lightning in the depths of the mountain grew increasingly violent. In the next instant, the sound of a muffled explosion slowly spread from the depths of the ice mountain.
“Thunderbolt Ancestral Symbol, Divine Lightning Technique Breaker!”
Boom!
In an instant, indescribable lightning crazily unfurled from the depths of the ice mountain in an overwhelming and wild manner as if it had transformed into lightning that heralded the end times.
Every obstruction or hindrance was completely destroyed in a tyrannical manner wherever it spread.
Under such power, countless cracks appeared on the giant ice mountain. In the end, it exploded with a loud bang.
Ice fragments danced in the sky as countless Ice Spirit Tribe experts sucked in a cold breath of air.
The Eternal Frost Art of their ancestor had actually been forcibly broken?!
What kind of monster was this fellow!
As Ice Spirit Ancestor gazed upon the devastation caused by the lightning, his expression turned completely grave, while dread flitted across his eyes.
“To think that the Lightning Spirit Power cultivated by this person has actually reached such a tyrannical level.”
Under Ice Spirit Ancestor’s heavy gaze, lightning coiled and twisted around a lightning scepter welding figure, as it slowly walked out from the remains of the ice mountain.
As their eyes fell upon this figure, regardless of whether it was the numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts or Ice Spirit Ancestor, each and every one of them started to feel a great pressure at this moment.
Because they finally began to understand just how powerful the man who had dared to barge into their Ice Spirit Tribe alone was.





 Ice Spirit Tribe Side Story 4
Ice Spirit Tribe Side Story 4
Cold Qi pervaded the land. Lightning coiled and twisted around a scepter wielding figure as he slowly walked forward. Space seemed to shudder every time his foot landed on the ground, creating ripples that could been seen with the naked eye.
The eyes of the many Ice Spirit Tribe experts were filled with fear. The pressure this figure gave them was really too overwhelming. It was so great that even... Ice Spirit Ancestor had never given them such a feeling.
There was likewise wariness and gravenss in Ice Spirit Ancestor’s eyes as he stared at Lin Dong’s figure. Even he could feel a sliver of danger from the latter’s body.
Under the numerous fearful gazes, Lin Dong’s footsteps came to a stop. He looked towards Ice Spirit Ancestor, as he slowly tightened his grip around the cackling Lightning Emperor Scepter, and spoke in a rather flat voice, “One should always repay another’s kindness. Since Ice Spirit Tribe has so warmly welcomed me, kindly receive this attack of mine honorable one!”
He already knew that peaceful negotiations were useless with regards to this Ice Spirit Tribe. Since sincerity had no effect… force would have to be used.
Ch ch!
The instant Lin Dong’s words faded, the lightning coiling around his body suddenly erupted in a maniacal manner. Like a storm, it filled the area within a several hundred thousand feet radius around him.
Thunder rumbled in the area, and signs of crumbling could be seen.
“Disperse the array!”
Ice Spirit Ancestor’s pupils tightened upon seeing this, and he sternly shouted.
Upon hearing this, the many Ice Spirit Tribe experts, that had originally set-up the array in order to stop Lin Dong, hastily retreated. This was because they were also able to feel how terrifying this particular attack of Lin Dong’s was. With the exception of Heavenly Sovereigns, not even the bones of perfect Earthly Sovereign would remain if he was caught in it.
Rumble!
As the numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts retreated, intense rays suddenly exploded from the lightning around Lin Dong. In the beginning, the lightning light rapidly shrunk at an astonishing speed. Several breaths later, it transformed into incomparably thick black thunder clouds that loomed in the sky above.
Lightning accumulated within the clouds. Although no thunder was emitted, the strange silence caused one to feel a little unease and terror.
The thick black thunder clouds were reflected in Lin Dong’s eyes. He lightly tapped the Lightning Emperor Scepter on the ground, as a soft voice was slowly spat out from his mouth, “Lightning Emperor Hand!”
Thump!
The thunder clouds squirmed as a giant black hand abruptly extended from within them. The giant hand was inscribed with countless bizzare lightning runes, and every rune seemed to contain an endless amount of berserk lightning.
An almost annihilation like ripple spread from the giant hand.
The moment it appeared, the hand shattered the void, appearing above Ice Spirit Ancestor as it viciously swatted downwards.
Boom!
Before the attack even landed, the space within the area of a thousand miles of Ice Spirit Ancestor completely shattered. Countless space fragments shot out, however, these space fragments that were as sharp as god tier weapons were quickly turned into nothingness by the almost annihilation like power...
It was as if the hand was the true herald of armageddon.
Ice Spirit Ancestor lifted his head and looked at the black lightning palm that was almost about to swallow him, as a grave expression appeared on his aged face. He never imagined that the power of Lin Dong’s casual attack would reach such a level.
In the face of such an attack, even someone as powerful as Ice Spirit Ancestor did not dare to be careless. His hands immediately formed a seal, and his clothes fluttered though there was no wind.
His sleeves suddenly expanded at this moment, and endless snow howled as it flew out. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a world of ice and snow around him.
“Ultimate Technique, Inextinguishable Ice God Dome!”
As Ice Spirit Ancestor’s shout rang out, the endless snow started to gather together at an alarming speed. In a short span of several breaths, it transformed into an enormous dome of ice in the sky above. The dome was as thick as a mountain, and seemed to be able to withstand everything the world could throw at it. Its strong defensive power was sufficient to make any normal Heavenly Sovereign helpless.
It was evident that in the face of Lin Dong’s attack, even Ice Spirit Ancestor did not dare to be the slightest bit negligent, and directly brought out their Ice Spirit Tribe’s ultimate technique.
Boom!
An ice dome that enveloped the land appeared. However, the lightning hand did not slow down at all, and continued to sweep downwards. In the end, it heavily slammed onto the ice dome under the trembling gazes of countless Ice Spirit Tribe experts.
Unexpectedly, no sound emerged at the moment of impact. This was because endless lightning had gushed out from the lightning hand, and eroded at the Ice Spirit Power on the ice dome.
Similarly, extremely cold Spirit Power burst out from the ice dome, and attempted to freeze the lightning.
Two colossal forces seemed to be in at a deadlock at that very instant.
However, when Lin Dong lifted his head and saw this scene, the Lightning Emperor Scepter in his hand once again lightly tapped the ground, as a faint voice echoed, “Break!”
Bang!
At this very moment, it was as if a hundred thousand thunderbolts roared in rage. Deafening thunder shook the land, as black lightning light poured down from the giant palm like a terrible flood.
The indestructible ice dome was forcibly destroyed by the lightning light.
The faces of countless Ice Spirit Tribe experts turned pale with terror. Their ancestor’s strongest defensive technique was actually broken apart by a single palm from Lin Dong?!
“What kind of monster is he?!”
Numerous Ice Spirit Tribe experts looked at Lin Dong’s figure with horror and despair. This was the first time they had seen their ancestor suffer such at loss!
Boom!
The incomparable enormous ice dome completely crumbled. As snow danced in the sky, a miserable figure was thrown several tens of thousand of feet backwards, before he slowly stabilized his body.
As Ice Spirit Ancestor steadied his body, he lifted his head and looked at the figure that was bathed in lightning. A look of astonishment involuntarily surfaced on his aged face.
He similarly did not expect that his strongest defensive technique would actually be so pathetic before Lin Dong.
“This person is a formidable foe!”
Ice Spirit Ancestor’s sleeves exploded at this moment. He stared at Lin Dong’s figure and gritted his teeth, before his figure suddenly transformed into a ray of snowy light that shot towards the depths of the Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land.
The many Ice Spirit Tribe experts fled in terror when they saw that even their ancestor had withdrawn.
Lin Dong did not bother with them, and merely stared at Ice Spirit Ancestor’s fleeing figure. He tightened his grip on the Lightning Emperor Scepter, and walked towards the depths of the Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land.
Swoosh!
The ray of light that Ice Spirit Ancestor had transformed into pierced through the air. In the next moment, he appeared before a grand hall at the depths of the ancestral land. At this time, three figures stood with their hands behind their backs outside the hall.
These were the three guests that Ice Spirit Ancestor had invited. Snow Devil Old Man, Dragon Sovereign, and… Battle Emperor.
The trio was slightly stunned when they saw the ragged figure of Ice Spirit Ancestor. To have pushed Ice Spirit Ancestor so far in the Ice Spirit Tribe, it seemed that this intruder was rather strong indeed.
“Three old friends, please delay that formidable person until this old man activates the sacred object and suppresses him!”
The trio exchanged a look. Snow Devil Old Man was the first to chuckle, “Might as well, this old man is interested to find out how ferocious the one from the lower planes is. To think that he actually dares to behave so atrociously in Ice Spirit Tribe.”
Dragon Sovereign also nodded, “It has been a long time since this old man has encountered such a wild individual.”
As they spoke, they looked towards Battle Emperor. Although the latter had cultivated for the shortest time amongst them, his battle power was indeed overwhelming.
When he saw their gazes, Battle Emperor faintly smiled and said, “Since ancestor has invited me over, I will surely persuade the trespasser to quickly withdraw.”
“Then I’ll have to trouble the three of you!” Ice Spirit Ancestor was delighted.
The trio laughed and nodded, before their figures moved, transforming into rays of light that flew into the sky. Meanwhile, Ice Spirit Ancestor headed towards the deepest part of the Ice Spirit Tribe.
…
Cold Qi pervaded the land as a figure bathed in lightning advanced in an unhurried manner. When he passed by, it was as if the lightning god had descended, bringing with him thunder that filled the sky. The countless Ice Spirit Tribe members in the domain shivered under this mighty thunder aura.
Lin Dong’s advancing figure suddenly came to a halt. Space warped in front of him, and three figures appeared with a flash.
“Three Heavenly Sovereigns?”
As he looked upon the three figures, Lin Dong’s eyes narrowed a little. To think that the Ice Spirit Tribe had such strong foundations.
“Ignorant little one, how dare you behave so atrociously in the Ice Spirit Tribe?!” Snow Devil Old Man’s eyes were like electricity. Space froze into black ice wherever he looked as he sternly shouted.
Dragon Sovereign’s arms were crossed across his chest. Although he did not speak, a terrifying dragon aura swept across the land.
Battle Emperor stood with one hand his behind his back. He glanced at Lin Dong, and faintly smiled as he uttered, “I’ll give you ten breaths to leave the Ice Spirit Tribe ancestral land.”
Three Heavenly Sovereigns towered in front of Lin Dong like imposing mountains. This was a sight that made one unable to breath.
Countless Ice Spirit Tribe practitioners watched this from far away. When they saw the three Heavenly Sovereigns stop Lin Dong, they involuntarily breathed a sigh of relief.
In the face of three Heavenly Sovereigns, no matter how wild Lin Dong was, he should be stopped and forced to withdraw, right?
While they were entertaining such thoughts, Lin Dong first frowned as he glanced at the three Heavenly Sovereigns. Subsequently, the Lightning Emperor Scepter in his hand heavily slammed onto the ground. Thunder rumbled as he declared in a low voice.
“Make way!”